Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oo. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Music] Thank you. Thank you. [Music] Hit it. [Music] Now it's time. Here I go. Break it. [Music] Hunters. Wake up. Wake up. [Music] Hey everybody, hey [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey hey hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy [Music] birthday. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Had another [Music] happy [Music] [Music] We are born to be a queen. Now we ride it running. pink flash. Pink pink flashing sting. Pink pink flash. Pink pink flash. Wake up. Wake up on respond. [Music] [Applause] Hello and welcome to the pre-show of Saturday's Showdown. We are here getting ready for you, you you you guessed it, it's Genji versus T1 again as I am Valdez joined by Chronicler and Wadid. How are you guys feeling about Genji versus T1 here on this wonderful Saturday afternoon? Never seen before match. Never I've never experienced T1 Geng personally. I can't wait to see what it's like. Yeah. Haven't seen it domestically. Haven't seen it internationally. Uh new things are cool to experience with it. I mean it's always crazy, you know. recall. You You have Yeah, I have. I have experience, dude. This is so hype. Okay. Okay. I can't handle it. This is so huge and crazy hype match up again. And speaking of which, this matchup does have some pretty big stakes on the line, which we do want to talk about right here. T1 must win for a direct ticket to playoff round two. And Gen Z, their sole regular season defeat came against T1. And it would be enough if it was just bragging rights. It would have been enough if you could get some insight. If we could just get a preview of what is currently looking like by far our most likely finals. But instead, it isn't just that. It actually has major implications for the standings. As you as was highlighted there, T1, if they win, just get to round two. They are immediately in a much better, much safer spot. And given the performance that they've shown, many of us would say they're ahead of Homa. But guess what? They don't win here today. Has keeping that second spot. I mean, I think it's really important for Genji as well because uh when you think about it, it's their last match uh in the regular split. So, I think it's great to warm it up before the playoffs. So, I think it's uh good to just see them just try their best in the draft as well cuz they they've been trying out so many random picks, but right now I think they should do their best. Yeah, it's good to make it all warm and toasty. Let's take a look here at the milestones upon victory for two players. Only one of them is going to be able to achieve this because obviously you need two wins to get the milestone. Haria needs two wins to get 400 for the support second place and then Chovi of course needs uh two wins to get 500 for mid second place. This is so cool. They can actually deny the opponent the milestone, right? Especially given that a lot of these wins were found together uh back in 2020 DRX when these two team or players played on the same roster. Can't wait to see who's taking it today. Well, we do have a lot of history between these two teams, funnily enough, and a lot here in 2025 as well. And we have to look at the fact that Genji has been winning the majority of these matchups. They're 5-2 in terms of matches, including MSI finals, MSI upper bracket, where they win five games. And T1 though, they were the one team to take them down here at the LCK. Yes, it's it's a change favor, but we got to say every single match had been like really close. uh it goes like five games or at least game three. So I think it's going to be really close this time around as well cuz it's really important for them as well for T1. They need to secure the second place and I think uh I think at this point you got to just do whatever you have and like uh just prove that you deserve the second place. So we do have this outcome graphic here. This is also to highlight the fact that if T1 do not win today, if Genji do take the win, then Homalife Esports will by default get the playoff round two and the second place here in Legend group. And again, I we kind of keep going back to this. It's so cool that despite everything, we still have this much uh weight and this many stakes this late into the season. Literally, this round ends tomorrow and going into the playoffs with a big victory here would be really big for T1. So, let's let's dive into the details here because we have to talk about so many different matchups that we do have between many of the different fantastic players that we do have on both of these teams. Starting off with the mid lane. Uh why did you wanted to talk about Faker and his impact on the team so far for T1, especially against Jenji? So, yeah, especially I think the mid lane matchup is so important. It's T1 Genji match up again is Faker versus Shobi. But here, I think from round three to five, Faker has been not doing great. his performance is uh especially his individuals. I don't think he's doing great especially in lane. He's getting solo kill too much against like the mid laners like BDD or even Zea like solo kills Faker as well. So this quite impacts a lot uh when it comes to the snowball lead cuz T really likes to stumble from the early game but this is not helping them enough and I think particularly against Geng it's a big issue because uh even though obviously Faker's value to T1 is something we've talked about a lot comes in the experience that he brings in the mid to late game fights and rotations. I think even there like for example against Homo he did seem slip up slip up a little bit in the late game but for me it's important because Chovi has been on a tear and giving Chovi any early laning leads like giving him an opening means that the playing the game against Geng becomes infinitely harder. I mean especially I looked up the stats and it was shocking that Faker had like 30 isolated deaths on the side lane which means it's really insane. But Joy had one. Yeah. So like I think he had like one solo death few deaths and like I think it was second for isolated deaths. So it was really really shocking in fact. Yeah. We also do have to talk about when Faker is on his game and we do have some highlights from when he was able to perform really well against Genji specifically. So yeah I mean I said Faker is underperforming but the only way that T1 can win against Genji is when Faker is performing good. So here is the evidence that T1 actually won against Genji in this regular split when Faker had insane shuffle, insane outplays against Genji. And I think this is the the T1 what T1 needs for them when they have to win against Genji here. And it's especially important given the style that Genji plays, right? These two teams, I think, are our best examples of teams with extremely clear identities. Well, we have T1 who's always looking to snowball through side lane collapses, uh, through really messy skirmishes and through very oppressive objective control versus a Geng that's really more looking to slow the game down, play on rotations, and play for objectives uncontested. And really, again, any small mistake early on will be in favor of Geng cuz for T1, I think they're also relying on the snowball to consistently win against Gen. And for Geng, it just gives them the little bit of space which often is all they need even against the best teams in the world. Yeah, absolutely. We do have another matchup to talk about and that is of course the support matchup between Keria and Duro. And we have some highlights here just to show off what these two players are capable of. And I think that the fact that this matchup is as close as it is is insane to me is actually really cool and testament uh to Dur's performance. When it comes to the highs though, no one in the SK comes close to carry out, right? Like this man is getting to the point where his bard is just going to have to be perma banan. It is too much. It allows the rotations is allows the team fight turns and no other team uses the impacts and particularly uh or in alignment with that. No other player has as much impact on Bard as Kerat does. So, it's really a match made in heaven. And I think that that's why we've also seen Geng experiment a little bit more to try and find an answer besides just the ban button. Yeah. Uh on the other side, we have Dro who loves to play Blitzcrank into Alista, which is really uh impactful. In fact, you know, I didn't expect that coming out from Dro as well. I mean, he loves to make the plays by himself. He's going to hook Casio uh between uh the Tron and Gragas, which is just insane. Like he always brings up with a fresh idea when it comes to the draft. And I really like to see this matchup come in uh when he's especially T1 versus Shen. Yeah, it's just really cool uh what he's been able to do and obviously pulling out the Pike as well in their recent match against uh I believe it was only esport. No, it was KT perfect right here. Uh suffering against the pike which is pretty good in Tibard guys. Yeah, and obviously uh Peter Bard, Carrier Bard, not quite the same. Uh because Carrier's Bard is as you can see here, not at all absolutely disgusting, but it is telling like I think that was the reason why Ging was just throwing picks like that out there early on. Also on a highlight, uh the coolest part to me is that we're also very aware that Carrier can play the champions of Duro has played for OB reasons. We literally have Carrier's skin on Pike being released this week. But the head-to-head is as close as it is. And it's testament that both teams trust their supports this much. Yeah, we got to talk about how they're d how do they draft around the support? They always like to put their support on four five which means that they have the counter pick on support. So you can have a good match up on the bot lane. You're going to have the B priority and that snowballs into the game that where like support just roams around uh on the map and I think that fits on both teams. So Jengi, T1, they both like to just put their support on the counter pick and it works out really well for both teams. So I'm I'm pretty I'm really excited to see what's going to happen in the draft, especially when it comes to the support. It's just crazy that the support lane, I guess, the support position has taken over um just the the minds and the thoughts and also our eyes. As Kia says, you need to you need swagger to play Bard. Play it like drunken boxing. Keep proddding and pestering if the enemy gets tilted. Mission accomplished. Yeah, which I love and uh really again is testament to the uh spiritual bard king in the LSK barrel who definitely plays it that way. Misses a lot as well as Pike thrives on getting under the opponent's pin. Know your death windows and you'll unlock his best strength pulling all the aggro. And I'm telling you, I can guarantee you that Duro watched Carrier Vaults as well to study the Pike. So this headto-head to me is so exciting as you said headto-head chronicle. ahead. Oh, that's Craig. This is actually terrifying. This one is my favorite. This is the best. This is the best one. I don't think it comes That's Nico. That's crazy. Oh my god. Yeah, the the the cat Blitzcrank as well. I mean, shout out to our uh Oh, what the hell is this? This is so good. I I love it. I I love it. Crazy. And of course, Night is not even close. is kind of horrifying, but I love it. That's the experience you get. This one is just aura farming. Um, both of them have some really, really cool ones that make them look like they're just monsters of the champion. And then we have like Duro Horse and Bald Poppy Carrier. Poppy one is actually so scary. They're so good. Um, so it's a thumbnail war between these two supports and they've really made a lot of the game about them. It's It's really cool to witness uh what they're capable of doing and that's why we really wanted to highlight it and of course to show all of you guys the thumbnails in case you did miss it. So, let's talk about some of the drafting that we've seen here and some of the uh comments from coach Kim that he made on their recent match uh against Kate or Tiw. And this is something we kind of speculated on, right? But we're slowly starting to actually see it. So, Coach Kim here specifically referring to the fact that they're trying to uh give over more ops and then try and trade see how it works uh with the Azir Pantheon uh or the Azir trade versus the Pantheon Zigs which didn't end up working. I think that that's also what we saw against KT. I think that normally they would not go to a Pike that early on. Um and I also don't know how much truly valuable info you get because the level of play is so different between the two telecom teams. But it is testament that both these teams, if it wasn't for the fact that T1 would be getting second place if they won here, I think both teams would be a lot more reluctant to like give too much away. But now the stakes are so high, so they have to. I I don't think Genji is going to try out for this one cuz since it's last week, I I think they're just going to try their best. I hope so. I think they will. I actually do agree. And that is part of the reason why I went ahead and predicted Gen for this matchup. And I just feel like they're just more they're just a little bit as a team as a fiveman unit. I think they just play better. They have better macro. T1 is incredible. Don't get me wrong, but when it comes to predicting against Genji, it's hard not to choose them. It really is. Um I I think personally there's for me also the consistency that that Genji has domestically, right? If this was international, I'd be a lot more uh a lot more I don't know. Maybe uh maybe I'd lean more towards the one. And I also think recent form Genji have looked a little bit more consistent. I'm expecting a close free gamer. I don't think either team is going to fall over. Uh but Genji just have the track record. Yeah, I mean we didn't mention about the top side of uh of the map, but I feel like uh Genji on top side Canyon and Keen is just uh way better when it comes to the the macro wise. So I feel like it's just Genji's favor. It does feel like it's could be close though. You know, T1 could get it done. And Ox is the one guy who believes that T1 are once again due for a victory, which I I think that this is a fine prediction. I think most of us expect GNG to win in if you play this match up 100 times. Uh but I think T1's close. It is very close. It should be close. The pres though, we'll see how it does finish off at the end of the day. We are done here, guys, for the pre-show of Genji versus T1. Once again, we're going to jump into it right now. [Music] Starting with a whisper. I know I find it hard to counting down our words, but I'll take away this time and night. I want to fight a million times between the truth and the lies. Can't hold me down, but I'm doesn't kill me. Makes me stronger. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] That makes me stronger. Heat [Applause] [Music] up here. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] take down for the first time this season. [Music] I need [Music] [Music] You are hiding. Fighting. Fighting. gentlemen to LCK 2025. It is the AA broadcast once again. I'm Atlas. This is Orcs and we together make a battery. A battery full of energy full of electricity ready for this Saturday showdown and then the Rise Group Madness that we do have coming up with the DN Freaks taking on DK. Before that, before then though, this Saturday showdown is a big one. We'll see whether T1 can do once again what they did very early on in uh the third round of this particular season and take down Genji Gi who are looking like Titans once again. Yeah, definitely an uphill battle. Definitely Geni the favorites. I mean, they were capable of doing it before, but that match record is just so absurd. And T1 have managed to climb their way up currently to second place, but they need a win here as was talked about in the space to secure that second space uh second place spot. Uh a challenge obviously. I think would have felt a lot better if they had to beat HLE to get that second place spot, but uh a big challenge to secure top two and playoff round two. Uh, and so a lot on the line on this final match. Exactly right. So much more for T1, but Genji wanting to be off on the best foot moving into the playoffs as they have already confirmed first place as of what feels like months ago at this point. Every match is a classic. Yeah. And uh this is becoming I mean it's a tale as old as time. Tier one versus Genji. It goes back many many years here in the LCK. Different faces. And of course, you can see Keen on the right there. But it used to be Doran that was on the top side for this team. He has kind of been everywhere as far as the top teams in the LCK are concerned. But having a look at some milestones here as well. Um getting to 400 wins here for Carrier will be a big one and the second to reach 500 wins here for Chovi. And you know what? He's never going to reach first. So you may as well count this as first. That's super cool how both of them it's second for the role and only one of them will get it. Yep. outcome. That's uh really cool. And they used to play together on DRX. Yeah, it's very very cute. Former teammates, which one will come out ahead? Fan predictions are going to be in favor of T1, but honestly pretty good for a T1 related vote here on the Geng side of things. We were pretty unanimous outside of just one man. Oh yeah. And it was Orcs who said that the T1 team were going to take it as carrier. having a look here at some of his most played champions as wow he's beaten BDD the most times kind of crazy him and Shmaker yeah pretty interesting um some obviously a lot of recognizable names on that list for opponents beating and a lot of picks you know Bard coming in 14 wins in 18 games pretty crazy obviously B recently not seeing some of those AD carry support picks in that that top grouping probably a little bit off to the right after that but uh Chovi some of the top opponents beaten Faker being number three. Uh and again he has a currently positive win rate against Faker which not many players do. Exactly. I'm looking at that 18 and two on Tia and 17 and3 on Y. Uh yeah. Um Trophy does a fair bit of winning guys. Um that's that's pretty much how how it goes. He's also beaten King 56 times. 34 and five on Ahri. He didn't beat King in that one time though. if you remember that that really important time. Yeah, he did not he did not manage to quite get there. But this is a big one. Saturday showdown for a reason here in our final week of the regular season of the LCK. And my eyes in this match up. I know there's just there's just sort of key player matchups absolutely everywhere. But it's the two gentlemen ready to walk out first because it used to be for Doran when he was up against Keen, it was the Keen test to see whether he was worthy of the LCK. And now it's the king test to see whether he is the best in the LCK. It's kind of insane the glow up of this guy. I think that against what would have been people's initial expectations at the start of the year, uh it is without doubt that these two are the best top laners in the league right now and there's a gap between third place, a pretty sizable one right now. Keen and Darn are just completely on top and both of them are playing playing pretty fantastically. So, uh real clash of the Titans in this matchup. I would agree. I think, you know, it's probably third is rich, I would say, um, with how he's been playing recently. No, of course, you know, Z still deserves our respect, but there is, uh, kind of no doubt that these guys are running the show towards that top side of the map, and I think that, uh, we are going to be spending some time having a look up there. I do like what they brought up on the pre-show, which was talking about support counter pick. I think that this draft is going to be very important. And one thing that I'm very curious about, it's not this because this makes the goat not necessarily look like he's in a fantastic position up against Chovy, who is the king of stats. He has had phenomenal stats since 2019, guys. Um he started off with like what 128 KDA um when he debuted. So we look we try not to read too far into it. Chovy's just really good at the game, guys. I think both players very good at the game. Chovi just very very good at the the numbers the numbers. Yeah, he's uh he's got it down to a science. Whereas they were talking about the isolated deaths for Faker, and I actually think it's really interesting because often times that's a tactic, that's a strategy um for T1 because the rest of the team so good at coordinating around when side lanes are overloaded. And so we'll see whether that is going to once again be a tactic that that they can do because like Faker is still the most winningest player in LCK history. There is no denying that. And so stats don't necessarily mean much. It's the amount of nexuses that you manage to explode that really does uh lead to becoming a champion. Yep. And you mentioned before about the drafts. I think draft's going to be a massive factor here. We've seen obviously the meta shift a little bit. You know, with things being tweaked, some of the junglers being nerfed, you know, Pantheons being left open a little bit more, obviously introduction of Yara, but even with the the big changes we saw with like AP junglers being buffed and things like that, things haven't shifted massively. Nope. Um, and I feel like we have seen some experimentation from Geng. It'll be interesting to see if we get some of that test in the waters today. Uh, obviously the stakes I feel like are higher 41 talked about, but Geng I feel like it has been so consistently true based on their excellent record in regular season. They take matches seriously. Yeah, they absolutely do. We particularly against T1. We even saw this yesterday when the stakes were very high for DRX and BNK just kind of didn't really care. Of course, game one bit of happy gaming didn't like the feeling of losing and not many of our teams in the LCK do as historically it doesn't matter about stakes. Yeah. Every every time you need to win. You don't break your own game win streak again and again and again by not caring about stake. You know, think how long ago Geng locked in first in in uh in the standings and they're still like, "No, we'll just win. We'll go in. We will." Unless it's bro, but sometimes that is just the magic of the Bros. That wasn't that wasn't them not caring. That was just that was just bro. That was the Bros caring more. It's too powerful. That's how it works sometimes. But ready to get into this one. Uh we did hear Coach Kim saying that maybe they do want to bring out some of their more experimental picks uh in this particular match as they were holding off earlier on. And I wonder whether that means that we are going to see the Silus out from uh from Canyon. Some of these new technologies that we've seen developing, but it is going to be T1 with that first pick. They'll be on the blue side to start us off. Of course, has been their favorite side um all jokes aside for quite some time. And I wonder if Jenji are going to pay the tax. Um pay as in Pantheon, Azia, Yunara. Ah, and they are doing it in order. Yeah. So, it'll be interesting to see if they have a different draft strategy cuz we've seen a lot of those three bands on red side. T1 having the advantage of being blue side game one. Uh or if they want to try something going a little bit different direction. Actually, T1 banning the Yara on blue side. That is perplexing. Little bit interesting. So, shaking things up a bit. It has allowed Genji to ban the Wukong as well. It does mean that we're not going to get pay. We might get Pi, which would be less fun, I think. Doesn't quite roll off. No, we can't. Yeah. Pua Pa. Yeah, PUA. I for some reason I thought that Yaro was going to get banned twice. Presumably the Azir comes through. Um, just some tier list tier. Get it? Tier cuz T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T T Y Y R T tier list bands coming through here for T1. Huh, that's pretty good. Back on the air all week on the anagram. Um, one last one to come on through here and it will be the Azia. Okay. Um, Aurora open and available. Uh, Gwen is obviously but with Aurora open I feel like you know Gwen's difficult to take. They are just going for the AI. This is Faker's most played and with Azir and Tia off the cards willing to to just snap that up. Yep. One of his most played of all time, you know. Faker shockwave and finding them all and all that sort of stuff that we have heard of in the past. So, we'll see whether it is going to be a noturn composition. Once again, T1 the team that can make that comp work. DNF the team that tries to make it work. Um, and it has certainly been going quite well for T1, although they don't necessarily do the combo like Faker just shock waves them all um without necessarily utilizing the knockturn going in. The VI will be snapped up though here for Canyon. Yeah, I mean Vora would be would be pretty strong especially because we've seen being really popular like Oriana, Zenzou, uh Gwen Y' be a really popular top side. Um you know the Oriana kind of fill in that sort of enchanter role with the Zenzou that shielding the Gwen Zenzhal very hard to deal with and obviously the Aurora really given a hard time to that Gwen. So I think picking up the Aurora Keen has been such a fantastic Aurora. I feel like sometimes I've seen the pick into things like Rumble into uh it's not had as strong of a laning phase in the hands of some players. Keen has always been ruthless. I feel like when he's had this pick now T1 not even opting to look towards the top side going for the Corki instead securing that one. This is very popular right now. I feel like it's such a plugandplay pick. A lot of safety um with the Valkyrie scaling pretty well. Good lane. Uh, also Ruler's most played, so denying that away. Pretty impressive stuff so far. Let's see what Faker is going to be locking in. Could be the Nico, could be the Bard if they do just want to take away the bottom lane. Yeah, I feel like maybe you might get pinched a bit on jungle if you do leave that here. So, I think if they want the Zenzou, taking that here makes a lot of sense. On obviously had some fantastic plays. We all remember that amazing one where he showed the strength of Sun Sky, but does leave the Nico go to the other side and a lot of dive threat already in this Genji composition. and you know the Vine Nico Aurora. I'm looking immediately at this Oriana Corki and thinking you have a hard time protecting those carries. Yep, such a hard time protecting them that the whole game has exploded. Uh and so we are probably going to be redoing the draft here. I assume something went wrong. We'll have to confirm whether the Nico was indeed the lockin, but I would expect that uh it does make some sense in that instance because then you can hold the Aurora Flex until the very end of the draft. You're then not forced to ban things like Rumble and Gwen and you get to pick them yourself or force those bans out from T1. I actually think it puts Gen in a very powerful position on Redside. The other day we had it was an accidental I think it was an Illaoi ban and it was very obvious immediately that was not allowed. Yeah, it was very obvious that that was an accident. Whereas everything we've seen so far kind of makes sense. So uh it seems like there might have just been an issue. Yeah, it might have been a mic uh issue situation here as Tom is going to plug it all back in and it's going to be okay. Um, we are completely valid up until the uh Nico picked it was a headset issue and not anything to do with inside the game. So, Tom going to get things all sorted out and then we will be back into it ASAP. So with the fact that there's a lot of engage picks on the side of Geng, a lot of dive threat, we've seen the bard in the right hands and carrier definitely has the right hands. We still got a disrupting engage. You know, the tempered fate buys time, stall things out, allows the team to reposition. What's the percentage chance of a bard ban? Uh I think 98.2 103% with a 3% margin of error. I reckon you might be on to something there. Um, that's a that's a good choice. Yeah, seems pretty pretty solid. And also the fact that the Nico obviously has a good amount of lane pressure to melee supports bar being a range for kind of helped to just withstand that a decent amount. So, I'm really glad that RT isn't climbing the stairs today. That was a hazard. That was very frightening. Um, I was worried the entire time they were trying to walk down them. So, very happy that they're staying on ground level. There's only a ramp going out into the exterior of L Park and Arti is going to be completely safe and we do not need to worry every time. Man, my goodness. There is that the tiger mascot isn't actually here for Geng though. Maybe the best after seeing that image. Yeah. Um maybe um maybe this is not actually what happened and it was the other way around and that's why it's only that's here. I just want to say that we at the LCK do not condone mascot and mascot violence. Um, as it turns out, yes, we do. Um, because it's we're showing it on the fan sign. It's right there. Oh god. Um, do do you want to be a prophet? Uh, or or what? Uh, I guess we'll just wait cuz we have seen this before, guys. Up until the third pick on red side, it's going to be easier. Wow. How do you know? I mean, we kind of called that one the the first time around. Yeah, that's actually a very good point. Wow. So, I think probably the Bard makes a lot of sense for Genji to ban out um T1. I guess it's kind of hard to ban because they can still flex the Aurora even though it's there's a good chance it's going towards Keen, I would think. I mean, Choby does like playing it. It's an okay matchup into the Oriana as well. So, maybe they're very happy just to hold the flex. I mean, they're definitely happy to hold the flex. I just think it's trickier for T1 to ban the solo lanes with the Aurora having been locked in. So maybe just look towards the AD carries. Maybe a little bit concerned about uh like a Jin could be a decent pickup for Ruler. Yeah, I'll see what Ruler does decide to go with because of course they do really like running the Corki and the Nico. Feels like this Corki lock in for Gumishi is actually more of a pick away rather than a pickup for him necessarily. He's been playing R's been playing it a lot. Yeah. um by far his most played. He has been kind of dominating on it as well. And of course, the Jin and the Varys are left up and available. We did see the skin reveal for T1. Gumushi does have a Varys skin now. No surprise. Yeah, 103% seems to be uh coming off, but maybe there should be a bit of Bard banned in the next one as well. I think that's how it's supposed to work. I think so. It needs to be like a champion that starts with B or something like that. They ban out the Ambessa aware and concerned that obviously it could be a flex. Seems like maybe they're leaning towards the I mean Ambessa is a decent match up in Gwen. Maybe they're thinking they want to take the Gwen anyway into the Aurora. Oh, what could be the case? It is not the most fun matchup, but I feel like Aurora just in general isn't fun to play into in the top lane regardless. So yeah, I don't think they're going to be having a good time. It's also keen like we just know that this guy's pretty good at playing enchanters in general. Sorry, casters in general top side. He was famously the rise top guy. We have seen though a lot of times if you're able to survive with the Gwen, get to the later stages, um you're still going to be a menace. It's just weather in the storm. They actually ban the Gwen themselves. So maybe thinking the Aurora mid could be coverage for the Gwen. Yep. Uh and then having both would just be an absolute menace. So, it' be interesting to see what Thorne does end up bringing out here then with both of those taken off the cards. And also, what is Ruler going to play after his gigantic yawn that he just got out there? Yeah, I feel like you take AD carry here, you keep the flex open, and then the thing is you can just put Aurora top and you have like a good top lane pick despite like so many top lane bands have come through. If you look, do you want to ban Rumble, Aurora, and Ambessa, you still have Aurora as an option. They do go for the Kaiser, which fits in with what the comp wants to do. fits well with the Nico. I was thinking they might not lean towards it just because they are going into the Corki has a good amount of lane pressure and I feel like normally Genji does want to prioritize a bit more lane pressure but fine with taking the Kaiser in this situation it appears. Yeah, it is a really strong dive comp now fully leaning into that and it's also Ruler right um it's Ruler Viper and Diablo that are allowed to play this champion here in the LCK. They have their LPL license and uh yeah uh certainly has been some great performances. Speaking of great performances, the Poppy gets through and Carrier is going to lock that one down. I think the Poppy picks good. Not the best matchup specifically into the Nico, but serves a lot of purpose when playing into this dive focus composition. Uh good against the VI and if you land an all off against Nico, fantastic. And we're just going to get the Renekton, the B5 Renekton. Yeah, ends up being effectively blind. We'll see if they opt to put the Aurora in the mid lane and commit to that. Yeah, they could theoretically still do that. I'm kind of expecting King to play something maybe a little bit more tanky and that is what he's looking at right now as the Scion will be considered. Man, this does mean that game number two Rumble and Gwen priority is going to be out the wazoo. It's going to be absolutely insane. Yeah, as the Scion will be locked in. Just going to try and neutralize this crocodile as much as possible. So, I said we want to look towards that top lane for all of the action to see who's going to be the best top. We don't want to look at the top lane. Um, not anymore. Um, the Renekton will have a fair bit of power in the early stages of the of the game after a couple of levels. Um, but the Scion will just exist. I think T1 are pretty okay with this. You know, they they end up in they have a comfort pick for Faker. Faker's most played in rounds three to five. you know, owners on his Zenzo, the Oriana Zins is a good combo. Corky Poppy uh going to be very serviceable later on. There's a lot of dive threat the enemy team is pretty scary, but I I think overall things have been navigated pretty well. That Aurora Flex like the Aurora VI, the dive threat for the enemy composition is scary. Don't get me wrong, Geng do have a comp that has a lot of cohesiveness, but I think the threat of the Aurora Flex is something that kind of just didn't really get it utilized. And I think T1 are pretty okay. I think both teams have compositions with with strengths and and have ways to play out this game. Um AI's getting excited. I think a lot of it's going to come down to the mid jungle. Yeah, really because both mid jungles, especially once level six is hit, have a lot of pressure. Yep. This is uh going to be a little bit of a wait and see until that level six mark, but then hopefully we do get some of those fireworks. And thankfully we have a corki, so we get fireworks from the beginning no matter what. Let's jump onto the rift here. game one of our Saturday showdown. [Music] All right, here we are, ladies and gentlemen, onto the rift for game one of our Saturday showdown. T1 taking on Geng for our best of three of best of threes decider, which is very, very cool. There is only one team um in the world this year that can say that that they're actually fight facing off against Genji in a best of three or best of threes because no other team has managed to beat them at all. Yeah, actually um it's just it's crazy to think how many matches Genji have played and how few um they do not do losing very good. Yeah, that's that's maybe the thing that they need to work on. the number of teams who have beaten them in a best of three. I think it's So it's T1 and Bro, isn't it from the LCK Cup? All right. Yeah, from the LCK Cup. Yeah. Oh, so it's our it's our other two best teams here in the LCK. Uh and I guess that's without a doubt. Oh, I'm really glad that you bring that up, Ox. And that's why we pay you the big bucks. That's why you're here for the good stats. Unforgettable. Oh, that is absolutely amazing. also the tiniest of sample sizes because you know winning against Genji just is a small sample size for every other team. Yeah. Uh in 2025 as Troy and Faker facing off here momentarily. It looked like an okay trade there for Faker but Troy was holding on to that electrocute proc. And so the Oriana is going to be playing this one a little bit back. We did mention already that uh this can be a rough matchup for the Oriana, but uh that's mainly because Aurora if played properly is just kind of disgusting in lane. Yeah, especially the electrocute after they popped up doing just so much damage. Oh, this is Yeah, Carrier taking so much damage here. The tempo heal to come out from Genji and Carrier. He's just going to have to go back home. Gumushi is just going to be clutching that egg underneath that adorable skin. Seeing whether he can survive here in this lane, which he should be able to do. I don't think we're going to get a uh you know 2v2 2v1 dive here out of the bottom lane at level two. This is the thing with having the Nico into a melee support. So much power. They hit the level two first. T1 not really respecting it and the route hitting uh putting some vital pressure down onto the bot lane of T1. Pretty well played there by Yeah. And it's all it's not really a lane like Kai'Sa lanes in general are not ones that we often see doing a whole lot of damage in the early stages of the game. Yeah, I mean this is why Kaiseno has has been such a a potent pairing is the fact that there there are match ups like this where typically Kaiser into Corki you expect to be pressured but when it's Kaiseno into Corki Poppy suddenly you have a Kais in a winning lane scenario and that's just phenomenal cuz once you get Kaiseno to the team fights you're in a great spot and it's also uh Duro's Nico as well which I feel he is very good at controlling the lane as I'm glad we panned away so we didn't get too much of that Faker minus one as the cannon did get eaten by the turret a little bit unfortunately there as Duro just continuing to put the pressure onto Gumushi and this is not something that we often see right this is the bottom lane that often has all the pressure and now Canyon speaking of pressure is coming down to look for a dive does have his summoners available but he may have to use them as the Valkyrie comes out there's the barrier as Duro holding on to the turret aggro and he is a cannon and so he can do it as carrier now so incredible ly low as Canyon just standing next to him gets out the steadfast presence. It's a flash forward. Turo will be able to tank that one up. No buckler death for him and it's two kills here in the bottom lane already for Genji. Duro just playing that one so perfectly. I feel like playing with T1 spot lane now. Dive coming top. Yeah, Keen could be in a little bit of trouble. And by could be, I mean he definitely is. Flash out from Onera. That is going to keep him alive. Keen will be able to deal with this wave. Of course, Zion pretty good at getting dove. Um, which is a weird thing to say. Uh, but not going to miss out on too much. And he stops the back of Doran there as well, which is quite frustrating. Yeah, I mean, Dro just completely manhandled the bot lane up to one there. Played everything perfectly. Does this mean we get another thumbnail? We might get another thumbnail. We could do. That's what we're looking for. The Nico one was really cursed last time as well. So, I'm really looking forward to it. And, you know, maybe maybe he gets his P finally. So, here he sets up and baits the the the slam from Carrier. flashes it immediately which was just so well played and then lands the route onto Carrier gets him low. Goes for the reive here. Takes aggro walks out. The buckler comes in not enough to kill him. Yep. And it was actually well played by Carrier there as well. Making sure that he doesn't get hit by the vault breaker by using the steadfast presence and then going for the opportune counter kill option just wasn't quite there for him just because of how well Geng played it. And so now a thousand gold is what separates these two squads and we are one away from feats of warfare here for Genji at the same time as Chovy and Faker just throwing abilities at one another over and over again as the ulti comes down here from Chovi. A lot of damage coming on in as Faker getting pushed out of the lane. Yeah, there was also this was a thing. I'm not sure if it's still a thing, but if you turn into a cannon minion as Nico Yeah, I think you do take a bit of a bit less damage, right? Yeah. So I think he turned into a can of minion specifically to reduce that as well. So really just maximizing the pick which as you can see he's been getting a lot of success on. Yeah, I was wondering whether that would be removed cuz it seems really broken but I guess they haven't done it yet as Doran is just looking to 2v2 kill ruler enduro. Um and that's that's I guess something that you can do at level six on this Renekton as Duro at least is going to get pressured out of the lane. T1 have started off this dragon, but it's under full vision here of Geng. Yeah, Duro putting some jet back, but has to be very careful as Doran with flash can just kind of one-shot him if he wants to. Hon does just smite the scuttle, but carries enough to keep Canyon away. It looks like they're just not going to go for it because they do have Genji's bottom lane towards the top side of the map. That will mean that just inherently there is less control of that bottom side, but maybe some plates available here as Doran has walked his way back up. Actually, no. Didn't actually decide to go back. Was just chilling underneath the turret as the flash forward looking to lock down the Nico and Doran just punishes Duro for overstepping. Beautiful play there from Doran. Knows the summoners are down from that dive in the bot lane. Finds the window. You know, he got him low before with the ultimate. He was waiting for that opportunity and the immediate punish comes through with the flash. He is the true epitome of a ruthless predator. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Uh, and definitely a nice resurgence there. Kind of needed for the side of T1. Finds the window. Doesn't get tricked by the clone as well. Connects immediately. Really nicely played there by Doran. Now doesn't have flash, but I think he's going to be very happy. Sitting on two and zero now on this Renekton. Keen though has just been fine farming towards the bottom side of the map. The Renekton not necessarily benefiting from the lane swap very much as far as the farm is concerned. So that will put a dampener on the massive lead that this croc does have. But Renekton's getting advantages in the early game is so incredibly important for keeping him relevant as this one goes on and will have that dominance back available in 7 seconds time. Especially with the composition that Genji has. I mean they do have the DPS to cut through targets in the mid game. I feel like this Renekton can kind of just run rampant if you're focused on like trying to kill the backline and this is just this Renekton there doing so much damage especially with the buffs they made to his dominance. He just kind of melts everyone who's nearby could be a very large problem. Not to mention the skirmishing capabilities of things like Zinda and stuff like that. Especially if they can carry the orb around that Faker can deliver Troy just trying to get back to this lane right now. Faker being a little frustrating, but it will just be the grubs going over to Genji. They do get all three of those in trade for the dragon from earlier on. Yep. Grubs for dragon ends up being the trade. Obviously, it was an earlier dragon pickup from T1, but they weren't really in position to go for the grubs. And still a situation where, you know, Chov's up in farm in the mid lane. We have Ruler pretty sizably ahead in terms of the AD carry role as well. Yeah, that's actually a massive farm lead that he's managed to pick up, especially along on top of the uh kill and assist that he has put together. The dive timing was just so ruthless and really behind. So definitely playing from a deficit right now. Uh the thing is as well with this Kaiser uh and this Corki, both of them kind of spiking the similar time. Those two items are the big major spikes. So uh Ruler being ahead of the curve is going to feel really nice for them. Certainly is. see how long it's going to take him to get that first item locked in. I will say black lever already completed for Doran. Oh god. Well, Kane um fun times are over. Often times you get the Kindle gem and the bramble vest and you're like, "Oh, I feel great now." What does black lever do? It shreds armor and Keen hasn't had a chance to build any armor. There you go. You know, nailed it on. Your cup is half full today, Orcs. And I really appreciate it. Yeah, it's that sort of positivity that we hired you for. Uh, obviously here in the LCK, there's Gumishi carrier going to be at least picking up this wave for the moment. I feel like we haven't like Yes, Gingi have a lead as Toby going aggressive here into this mid lane. The Void Seeker is going to miss as Faker will be electrocuted momentarily. Finds a shock wave onto Troy as well who will tank up this turret. Does hop his way. Not enough of a dot to grab that plate. Important thing there was dodging away from the void seeker as I know ruler definitely would have dove in there and yep I think Faker hard to say he would have survived definitely would have had to flash at minimum as Keen doing his very best to fight back here towards this top side as Doran still sitting on the dominus so he's still very scary continuing to just fight as much as he possibly can though with the shield and things like this is kind of feeling all right as canyon moving on over does have some control vision in the area has been pretty quiet though on this V thus far. Mainly just keeping tabs on what Owner has been doing. Forward to seeing whether this first season's assist is actually going to work out. But both the junglers are now full build as you will have seen. Oh yes, they've completed their entire build path. Owner didn't go to the thrift store to get his free socks though. Oh yeah, that's unfortunate. Oh, it's a little bit of a shame. Sometime you got to make sure that you collect those handouts. A little bit unfortunate. That's okay. Canyon at least managed. Oh no, we got them now. Oh, there it is. Never mind. Okay, I take it all back. Yeah, the extra the kill from Canyon when you got a little bit sooner. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so now they're really full build. Yeah, they really are. They got everything they need. I'm really glad that they're both thrift shopping as well, you know. Got to get to the bargain bin. Lock down those socks. Can't be walking around the jungle in just your bare feet. Need at least socks on. They spent all their money on this fancy spear and just couldn't have won anything else. But do they do they really need anything else? Yeah, it's priorities. Priorities. It's like if you were to give like a 5-year-old some money and like, "Here, buy some survival things from the supermarket." And they just come back like with a random toy car from uh the the toys aisle and a chocolate bar. You know, I'm not saying this out of experiences. We've got a bit of an engage. Great snare to come down from Duro. And another kill comes in for Rule. And now Doro looking to lock down Carrier, but he's not going to find her. Yumushi does flash away, but it's a double for the Kaiser. Doran trying to get in there as Canyon looking to fend him off, but Kamik not going to quite work out. The heroic charge does come through though and Ruler will be locked down. Torren is very scary, but he just goes down. Joy finds the angle and it's another tangle bars as the double comes in for Duro. This bottom lane are now just unstoppable. Great play there from Gen. a couple of answers back and you can see Doran trying to do as much as he can in the fight but it starts off with a pick on Owner just decimated here doesn't get a chance to use the ultimate the CC Ling comes in he dies not getting any value and then Kman carry in a lot of trouble Jurro comes in flashed away from the ultimate but Ruler and Canyon can follow and at this point Dor's trying to turn things around but it's a 3v5 so despite how strong he is despite the fact he can run Canyon down Faker is zoned away by Chovi and it's essentially a support and a low HP crocodile trying to get everything done. And yeah, I mean Faker does find it. So I think honestly testament to carrier Doran and Faker for answering back on those two kills, but it was still a massive win for Geng and the bot lane. 313 for Ruler, 214 for Duro. This Kaisen Nico is popping off. Certainly are. Um the Kraken slayer has now been completed as well and we are moving very quickly towards item number two which is going to be just a very frightening moment uh for T1 as this Kaiser accelerated in the mid game with a dive composition such as this. It's just going to be quite difficult to deal with. Oh man, he's got cold nearly stacked as well. If hits two items before gets his one, it's just over. It is just unplayable. It's kind of crazy though because you can see Canyon moving over here looking to try and lock down this dragon. Could be double dragon for T1 to start this one off as the knockup does come through, but they're not going to be able to get here. That's going to be a chem soul, which honestly not too bad. Often times they give you a hard time for this one, but there is a Renekton and stuff like that as Gushi taking a lot of damage here as yeah, Ruler is just showing off his cool new things. I think it feels pretty bad for T1 though. You're behind in gold. You've invested in these dragons. You'd love like a hex tech. Yeah, something to help you do a bit more damage. something to really just say, "Hey, yes, we're behind in gold, but if we get a couple more dragons, the game is so gonna be so much easier." Poppy though. I mean, is going to like actually be tanky. Poppy's still going to get one hit, right? If this fed still just going to get exploded. I thought your cup was half full, or it was before. It's It's It's a lot less full now. Yeah, it's not feeling uh super great, but still 3,000 gold is, you know, what do we say? Insurmountable. Not insurmountable. It's definitely surmountable. Who is surmountable? Uh I haven't actually personally met him. I've just heard a lot about him. Yeah, I've heard a lot about him and there's not a lot of teams are in him. Um as it turns out, as Okay, we've got to see some desist here. Gumushi is going to agree he will stop. Uh as Canyon, he may as well. And a teleport in from Doran as well. So that is going to mean that it's T1 favored. Great little pickoff there and good answer from T1 and I think I just saw S Mount turn up there. Yeah, he certainly did. Bit of an overstep from Genji. Only two members committing to the play. The response comes in. Gooma doing a good job to turn around the damage to get Canyon and then Ona making the correct call. Knew the tower hit would kill the enemy jungler chases down Ruler with the help of Dor and now we'll be able to pick up the Rift Herald and this is actually feats of strength 41. So despite the gold lead. Oh, not quite. got a star yet. Yeah. Yeah, they need first. Okay. The objective of the feats of strength. So, they have the throw that down and get it. Exactly. Rift Herald is often a pretty decent avenue towards locking that one down. Yeah, they do have a bit of damage onto this outer turret on the top side of the map. Looks like they're going to hold on to it for now as Yeah, Canyon just presses up onto Gumishi, but still takes a lot of damage back. Yeah, I mean, he was just dead regardless just from Goomba being there. But a follow up there, immediate TP from Darren. Really good to close down on Ruler who doesn't b any sums. Kind of knows his fate. Yep. Um and yeah, so next tower, first tower is going to be piece of strength herald in pocket for owner. So I think them looking to get that would be a big boon. I was surprised as well that ruler wasn't quite able to finish off any extra items as he goes back either. Wasn't actually able to put enough money together as he is sitting on just over a,000. Yeah, it has. I mean, he's 2,000 ahead of 70. If you look, he's 2,000 ahead. The goal lead is about 2,000. Darren's 800 ahead. Dur is 800 ahead. Everyone else is about even. It's basically just the gold lead is ruler, which, you know, if you want to have a gold lead, so it's a good place to have a gold lead for Gen. But, uh, if they deal with him, if they deal with him, that gold lead kind of just disappears. And is actually now higher level than Ruler, only slightly. Um, but I think that's a big thing as well. You know, level's important to Cork. You have that level 11. You have the extra rocket damage. Those kills. Um, the fact that died going a long way. So, it's not all doom and gloom one right now. Going to get poked a little bit here, but otherwise, not too much more. Ruler does finally put that uh ragelade together as Canyon's moving over, but there are a lot of people underneath this turret. Looks like T1 do want to employ the Rift Herald. And he does go down. That's a great double shock wave from Faker as Canon and Chroy looking a little worse for wear. This isn't going to be the tower falling down immediately and Keen looking to try and get some pressure down. Let's see whether he can find an angle as he slows down Doran but they just turn onto this Scion. Genji not able to protect him and Keen has to flash to get himself out of the way. Blooming burst not quite doing enough here as Choby walks into the river here. They've got so much vision of this area as they look for it. Doran underneath the turret, but maybe it's a bridge too far. Still, they manage to lock that turret down and trade for their enacted. Seems to assist and they just mow them down. Keane not going to quite find the window here as another tangle bars comes in and owner is also dead. It's a triple for Ruler. Oh no, it looked so good for T1 until it was a disaster. Such an overstep there from T1. The health bars were low. They felt like they'd done enough to get the tower, but they look for the fight. They stepped too far. Ruler on that massive item spike. So easy for him to clean up those kills and it's a disaster for T1. Oh, what happened? But Doran goes forward trying to zone them off so they can get the tower. They knock away the Scion. But Darren gets the enchovi on this flank angle. Gets so much burst with the help of Canyon with the help of Ruler. Canyon reset to come back in with help and the cleanup comes in. You got to remember as well the shock wave was already on cool down used to chunk them out before. Yeah, did do a lot of work uh at the beginning of that which is why things were looking pretty good for T1, but in the end certainly was not positive. Canyon now going to move over and look for that first Cheek dragon as well. So that dragon stacking will be stopped. The problem there was it was the sort of fight where T1 were really more focused on the turret. That was their objective in that. They were like, "We want to take the turret, Doran. Go zone them off. If we can get some kills, great." But the main focus was taking the turret there. and Geng were just absolutely laser focused on we can just wipe them especially with how strong Ruler was and I think T1 just kind of disrespected Geng in the moment and we're so and now this seven and two Kaiser it's uh it's kind of ridiculous and also it's Ruler with an advantage and I feel like teams play differently based on who's on the team and who has leads right when Ruler has a lead decisiveness is never his problem he's always going in he's always commanding his team to do things. He's like, I'm strong. I'm strong. Let's kill them all. And that seems to be the game plan here for Gen whenever T1 are overstepping like they were as now Carrier looking to get some vision down around this Ahan, which could be a real point of difficulty here for T1. The thing is as well, I'm really worried cuz he's going this third item Nash's tooth. Yep. When he gets a seeker's arm guard, like one of your big tools to shut down ruler is the shock wave. Once he gets a seeker's arm guard, he's just not going to work anymore. Yep. You just see the little circle and you press your button. Yeah. And that's not that far away. That is really not that far away from being at that point now. So, I am very worried for T1. The next five or so minutes are going to be really pivotal if they find a big way to get back in the game. If they find a favorable fight, maybe they catch ruler out. If he buys a secret arm guard and uses in a bad way, that's why I can see them get back in this game. But if they lose on the fight, it might just be Kins on this one. Yeah, does feel a little bit like their fate is no longer in their hands. But we'll see. Genji have been fallible only against T1 in recent memory here from rounds 3 to 5. T1 RT1. So that Oh, but also Genji haven't had the option of facing off against the Bros. Yeah. But you know, so we we don't necessarily know. It could be that any of our Rise group teams could take games off Gen. Legend Rise was implemented just to protect everyone from Bro. Yeah. Yeah. Or protect Geng from Bro, basically uh is how how that one generally goes. And understandably so. They've been terrorizing them for years. Oh no. Man, I I loved talking about the top lane matchup and how important it was, and it hasn't been very important. It's been Keen trying to front line for his team while Doran tries to win the game for his team. Um, Doran having a pretty good performance thus far, but the problem is he's still Renekton as Okay, so three items comes in as the two item spike is hit for the Corki, which feels less like a spike. It's at least a big spike for the Corki. Uh, Goomba's now doing some damage, but Ruler is just he's at an ungodly level of strong, but again, he doesn't have that defensive option. He does have his sums though, but if you He will die still if you hit him with a shock wave and maybe some other stuff as well. That's a big if. He has a lot of tools to avoid that. Uh namely his flash, but at least Goomba is now putting out some respectable damage. Maybe not to the Scion, but to other people for sure. Yeah, Faker Faker's not got a fully stacked. He's his Sarap isn't finished yet. So, he's kind of not really putting out that much damage compared to what you'd be hoping right now. And Chvy is looking very strong with his Rift Maker as well as Okay, getting stunned up here by Doran momentarily as he does pop his way. Just a little bit of, you know, Griffin reunion um or a DRX reunion there for both of these players as looking for a bit of that Scion cheese from that minion just decided to jump in the air. Yeah, that's probably what Gushi was thinking. It just doesn't. This is curious but you know it's some spaghetti as owner is off to the side. This artic down to 50%. It's taking so much damage man if ruler decides the things just go down but Doran has found a flank angle and owner gets himself in there. It looks like they're not interested in the season will connect. Fully charged Q onto Doran and he is going to be the first one to go down. Pop blossom to deal with carrier and they do manage to do it. It's just front to back here for Genji as Ruler goes in looking for the last few shots. The supercharger comes down, but Gumushi, he outplays it. Duro now in trouble as looking to finish him off as Keen. Can he get over this wall to lock him down? And he has the flash. And Gumushi not many ways out. Faker has actually taken out Chobby and he gets the all of the pedals going their way. And now they have the DPS. Keen. He's just a tank and he has to walk it off. What a clutch play from T1. Just when you think they need a fight win to keep their hopes alive in this game, they manage to find one. Goomba clutching the 1 v one against Ruler. We see the play comes in. Doran looks for a flank on a Chobi. Really starts to put a lot of pressure onto him. He has to flash away. Canyon then looks for Doran and Doran just gets put the bounce out. Brutalized here. On goes aggressive with Kerry who just gets blown up. But a lot of tools have been used by Geng and then when Ruler dies forward, he's tanking Anak. Puma just blows him up as well. Great play from him. Puts some poke back on Aduro and then Faker disengages and then makes the call to TP back in. Yeah. And Chovi was almost dead to Anak. Flashes to kill him. And the thing is Chobi was using his abilities on Anakana to finish. He had no cool downs. That was such a clutch play from Faker and Goomba. This duo keeping the hopes of the team alive. That was absolutely ridiculous. Man, it's good to have the T1 circus back here for T1 versus Geng. And that's going to keep things at least competitive. We do want to bring everyone back to the realm of reality. It's still a decent lead here for Gen. They managed to grab themselves an extra dragon, but now it's just two a piece between the two squads. And so that soul point will be available for either team in 4 1/2 minutes time. God of ages came in and the pedals. So Faker is level 16. Oh my god. two level lead. Yeah, I mean Trophy's about to hit 15, but still it's a big spike for the Oriana. You know, they got a lot of power from the Attakan and they got those kills as well. Shut downs. You know, Goomba got the shut down on a ruler. It's a 2,500 gold lead for Gen, but with Adakan and with the feats of strength, this game feels pretty even. Yep, certainly has been brought back to relatively level. blue uh red buff will be stolen away here by Genji, but I believe T1 managed to get the one towards the top side in Genji's base. So, that will be aok. Okay, some pings out onto exactly where Chro is as he moves up to catch that wave on the top side of the map. And Faker has all of a sudden become absolutely massive in this game. And I'm reminded of what everyone was talking about in the pre-show, and that was if T1 are going to beat Geng, it's often on the back of Faker getting things done. And 202 with those two core items fully stacked up level 16. This Oriana is getting kind of massive. I mean, I think something that's just so consistently been true for Faker in the past couple of I mean, forever, but specifically the past couple of years when they've won Worlds is just finding those clutch moments just to say we're winning this game. Yep. And you know, they haven't won this game yet, but if they do, we're going to look at that moment where he tpd in at low HP to Adakan, just killed Joy, took the neutral, and was like, "See you guys. Thanks for the buff." Yep. Honestly, all as planned probably. Um, looked like it was just the game plan all along. Just distract them, everyone else, and we'll get the job done in the end. Now, looks like aim of the game is going to be locking down this Baron or at least making sure they have vision. Banana brush control there for Carrier as there's wards for everyone in this pit. I've let the game now with Adakan take off the cards. Both teams at two dragons each and it being a chem soul. It is just going to become I feel like a lot of dancing around the baron. Y um I think often games become really hard to control when that is you know it was on the bot side of the map if Baron has spel if it's a high pressure soul and one team's in soul point but now I think both teams just kind of trying to maintain vision around this area and maybe see if they can set up a pick and find something has been completed for ruler. That's a big deal. That is a big deal indeed. also a big deal for the graphics team because they unfortunately got the graphic up a little bit late. Um, and so that one wasn't actually on there just yet. It's fine. You can see it right now. Four items done for this Kaiser. I mean, that's the thing is that you're in a composition where if you look at it from Genji, their dive is phenomenal, but when all is said and done, their sustained damage is mostly just ruler and their gold and their carry potential is mostly just ruler. you know, once Chovi's used his ult and his cool downs, like yes, he gets another rotation of cool downs, but outside of that, you know, I feel like after that first 5 10 seconds of the fight, it's kind of ruler's job to clean up, but if he does get caught out, if he gets chunked, I think that's really where this T1 composition can can shine. So, yeah, they get moments to breathe, right? The opening salvo is what they really need to make sure that they can absorb. And also if Ruler does end up going down or getting chunked, then I think that's where Genji's composition can really struggle to match up to, you know, Oriana who can queue every 2 seconds and pump out a ton of damage or Corki who just does autos with the extra two damage doing a ton. He has just picked up LDR as well. Seven levels ahead of Dur is what? Well, he's also like what eight levels ahead of Carrier as there is the shock wave. Duro is going to be able to find the tangle bars, but that level discrepancy between the supports and Faker is just yeah approaching 18 as well. Um, and the thing is this build going the the Rod of Ages and the Seraphs, it felt like in the mid game was a bit of a trough, you know, waiting for both those to stack up, but now giving just a ton of AP and a good amount of survivability as well with the shield and the extra health. Y I do love when you know in game mirrors real life as well because Faker does have way more experience than everyone else and that's just that's just how it is uh on the rift. Looks like Keen is going to try and punish him for it but he's not going to be able to do so. Not a lot of follow up in the area. Yeah, dragons spawning up. So teams are starting to set up around this and pull a little bit away from the Baron. Do see Choby looking on this flank angle. Yeah, carrier is going to get spotted here by Geng as Keen moving in wanting to find the angle. Troy throws down between worlds. There's the Void Tinker connecting for Ruler as he gets dove on by the Renekton and Pop Blossom does nothing at all. And now Canyon's in trouble. Void is going to connect. There is the knock up and Ruler is over the wall. He takes down Gooi goes golden to keep himself alive as Carrier is trying to be a hero, but it is Oh, it is going to work. They do get ruler and now it's Toby needing to kill Faker in this game because if they don't he might be able to just win this one by himself. He wants to take the Aurora but the orb doesn't have the range. Owner wants to get in there. There is the stasis to avoid Keen but he's so extremely tanky and Troy's not going to risk it this time around. Owner just audaciously charging this bramble back. And yes, Keen is kind of immortal against these champions as Troy's making his way back. And that is T1's Q to exit. We'll have to back away. Keen got so much presence here. Chroy ting back in now. Looking. Yeah, doesn't get it. Faker still so scary here. And you can see once Ruler went down, it kind of became a little bit delicate for Geng in this situation. The initial fight, Ona has to tank the Sanol. They get caught out by a great from Chi. Owner just kind of gets bounced around but they immediately jump on a canyon target haken down peel back unfortunately gets caught out by the Q from the scion flashes over but a great read from Ruler follows him over the wall then here carrier slams combos with Faker to take out uh the Kaiser and that's where it gets a little bit goofy cuz Cho just doesn't have enough damage to finish off these targets quick enough. Faker surviving for so long, especially cuz he runs out of mana and then it's Duro and Keen just kind of just kind of boopping him a little like just trying to trying to hit them with the the the the little pool noodles. Yeah. And Ona healed up and both teams like, "Okay, this is this is a little silly. Let's just back off." And now we're back on the map, right? But a lot of summoners were burned. And what's really important is that every flash on T1 is down. Genji still have three. And there three really big ones because they're on both their carries and on Duro. So, I'm a little worried for Goomba. I'm a little worried less so for Fate because he has Zas, but particularly for Guma. And in fact, T1 aren't even opting to contest the dragon. That's how yeah concerned they are about moving into an area they don't have vision on the back of the fact that they don't have flash on their carries. And it is so point they have started off this baron as Duro not going to get stunned as there's the knockup coming on through. Duro gets over the wall, but I don't think he's necessarily in safety just yet. That tangle bars may have helped out as Doran looking to get in there. The pop blossom though is going to hold him up in the air and Duro will survive. That was some very cheeky Nicoing and that means that the Baron is going to get stopped as now Canyon he's the one in trouble and Kubushi does a lot of damage. Seeist will not be acquiesed at this point in time. And there goes the jungler and the Baron's up. Yeah. So big picks to get Canyon down. They want to set up for this Baron but Doran is low and they're still cautious about the potential for a fight. They're now looking for more. Yeah. Mega cone does get owner in there as between worlds goes Chovi. Knockup is going to come on through for Keen, but he is still melting here against T1. He does find some knockups but doesn't get the queue. Void seeker going to come on down here as ruler. I don't think he wants to fight this. The zombie scion will be taken down and T1 keep everyone alive and this should mean Baron. Yeah, the fact they got Chro as well. A big tool down the poke is coming in from Ruler. Remember he has the reset his W every time it lands. Yeah, Troy is still up as well as there is Doran setting up that Dominus. He's had a beine towards Ruler every single time, but this health bar is just getting softened up. The Baron's likely to go down, but can they get themselves out? And the answer is absolutely yes. And T1 highway robbery here as they have now reduced that gold lead to a,000, which means approximately zero. Yeah, beautifully played there from T1. The pick on a duro not quite working out, but it was the pick set up by Guma and Ona onto Canyon. They saw all of Gen collapsing in and they waited for him in the brush. You'll see that coming out here. So, initially find this player of Duro. Carrier doesn't quite get the slam because of the rocket belt that came through. Dur flashes away and then they try to catch him like we get a support. It's very hard for them to establish vision can chase him down. But if you look at the map, you see all of Geng collapsing in and Canyon walks over a control ward and immediately Onera and Goomba are like, "We can kill him." And Guma has so much damage. They go in on him. Owner even blocks the charge. Uh they're able to clean him up. They know he has no flash. And then this is where they move on to Baron, but they're like, "We need more kills. We can't just go 5v4 onto Baron with Thor being low." They obviously play to get the pick on a Keen cuz uh frankly Luma's doing a ton of damage now. Can shred the Scion. Certainly is. And now with this Baron looking to push and that gold lead 1,600, but with the Baron in pocket, they can close that out already. You can see the ripple baron power play only sitting at 1,000. That still has almost 2 minutes to even more. Yeah, Gushi is really scary. Lord Dom's now done as well as the IE. And so Genji will not have any of these turrets fall just yet. But on this push, it should be this one going down as Canyon looks for an angle. doesn't quite get over the wall, but there is between worlds for Chovi looking to try and lock down Ona here as the tangle bars will connect, but Kane just can't really front line anymore. Yeah, and I feel like Ona has kind of been playing like a tanks in Zho where he's just been absorbing so much and doesn't seem like a fun role, but when Genji approach, he's just there to block and make sure they can't get access to the backline. And now T1 looking for this mid tier 2 without the Aurora. Feels like a lot of pressure. Not able to be there. Y picked up. That's 2,400 on the Baron power play so far. And that gold lead non-existent now for Geng. 200 gold. Um, and at 36 minutes into the game, less than zero is what that means. Look at all of this vision around the dragon area as well. Oh man, does this mean that we're going to three dragons a piece and the game is just going to be locked up? Likely we've got another 10 minutes until the Elder comes up. That is exactly what we wanted here for our Saturday showdown in the final week of regular season play for 2025. This is just game one, you know. Y this is what we've been hoping for. Get the cry balloon coming in from Faker. So he's got four items. Level 18, of course, as is Guma Chovi and Ruler approaching level 18 themselves. And at this point, it is full build for Ruler with the Rabidons in pocket. So he's obviously doing a good amount of poke with those void seekers, a good amount of damage on targets he can connect on. But it's starting to feel like Gen struggling at times to just have the throughput in the fights. You know, they if they can't kill these back liners and they've done a decent job, I'd say, of targeting Uma, but Faker hasn't died yet, right? And he has a good amount of health. He has the shielding for the seraps. He has the zas. All summoners are now back up for T1. It's not always enough just to kill the Corki. And a lot of the time, GMA's done a good amount of damage in return when he has gone down. if he has gone down. So, Genji, their engage really needs to be on form. And I think I'm looking really a duro on this Nico. If he can find a big pop blossom, that can be make or break in this game. Yeah, there's a knock up from Kane as Canyon looking for a little bit of an angle. Chi is going to teleport in. That is summon a spell used. Canyon with a bit of a wrap around as the dragon has now spawned. Void Seeker does find Gumushi. Kind of a big deal as this Rabbit's death cap has been completed. Valkyrie is a good trade for that one. There's Keen now moving his way in. That health bar is getting real large as Choby on that angle. Canyon moves into the pit. I think unseen there as now Torren dives on top of Kovi. Can he actually get himself out? He goes between the worlds, but the Kug Lord has him exactly where he wants him. And the dragon goes over to T1. Keen is looking to go down here as well. There's no redemption for the Scion. And T1 finding the angles in the late game. Such a great read from Duran. Chobi trying to be annoying on the side, harassing, looking to find an angle on the Aurora. Immediately Darren pounces, pins him down, chases him with the help from the kugs to take out Joy. Why would he go to his natural habitat? He doesn't know. He gets the lair bonus there. And now 5v3 T1 just looking to end. Yep. Carrier looking to get into position here. That is definitely this inhibitor going down. Let's see how much more that they can collect as there is no baron. They can deal with the wave theoretically, but there's a lot of low range members on Geng and T1 will have front row seat to this. Here is the engage as Ruler dives in immediately does go golden and does flash away. Can he stay alive? That's the question. The answer is no. Owner is able to lock him down as Canyon gets into that back line, but it's not going to be enough. a T1 against they were losing the entire game until they weren't as Keane is going to show up. Looking to try and deal with this wave as best he can. They might be able to do it here for now. But that's another zombie scion and Doran running a mark in this fight as well. This one may not necessarily be completely over just yet, but I think the writing is on the wall as T1 phenomenal performance late in this game. Duro and Troy trying to get this one done. Out goes Chobi. No between worlds for you. And Kumushi just needs a few shots on this nexus. Chobi not going to be able to finish him off. And there it is. T1 with a game one win. And done in such a T1 fashion. Genji having the gold lead, having the advantages, but the clutch plays came out. The TP in to kill Chobi, to take the Anakan from Faker. Just so many moments. Darren finding Chobi on the flank. It just felt like T1 wanted it more. And you know this is for their second place spot. They had a rough week where they got that upset at the receiving end from KG. They were locked in in this match. I mean they were and they weren't. They certainly locked in towards the end. Uh you're absolutely right. The early game was still a bit of a disaster here. It's not a T1 match without some shenanigans. Exactly right. You certainly need to sign up for the circus, but we do have to stay honest with how this one went. Kumushi in the end did more damage than Ruler, which is kind of ridiculous because he was, you know, absolutely massive in this game. Just at the end wasn't able to get past Doran. Every time Doran saw him, he was flashing on top and just doing the walk-walk as uh as Nuggury says. I mean, Duran just that final moment where he just saw the Aurora and then typically a pick where you feel like you can't be punished, especially not by a Renekton, found the window, teamed up with the Krugs, took him down. T1 in great form right now. They certainly are. Let's see whether they can do it again in game number two. It will be a bit of a side switch. Maybe that means that the likelihood of a threeame banger for our Saturday showdown is high. Let's hope so as we go to a short break and when we get back the space going to break that one down, we'll have game number two. season. [Music] [Music] Heat [Music] [Music] up here. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. Okay. Get Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oo. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oo. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello and welcome to the space. We're here after game number one which was incredibly exciting. Very back and forth. A big comeback from T1 to take it down there through the mid game into the end game. Was looking pretty good for Gen, but eventually T1 were able to grab it by the horns and take it down. It's just a pleasure to watch these two teams face off. Like that that to me is the main takeaway from this because at so many points during this game like team team X has done it and then I'm like nope team Y has done. And just that back and forth between these two teams that so clearly know each other so well, that are always in each other's heads, just creates this insane back and forth where so many game-winning plays it felt like. And it was in the end only one that won it obviously, but the back and forth was insane. Yeah. And especially the game was uh kind of Genji's flow uh in terms of how they snowled in the early game. I think that's because mainly about the draft. Uh the match up on the bot lane was the issue for T1. They had pretty rough game in the lane because I think Corki Poppy cannot match the power of the Nico and Kai'Sa in the lane. So that's why they could actually successfully the dive uh on the bot lane and I think that really helped a lot for Kai'Sa to uh just get out of the lane and like just have a better scaling option for the Genji here. And the reason why we highlight this is just to kind of show that I think that T1 with specifically this matchup did uh underestimate Genji a little bit. I think this is the only one. Every other pick I think makes sense, right? The Renekton Blind, the Oriana Prior, Faker, Zinsza, all of these, the Corki even I thought was a good pick away as well. Uh because it's been I think Ruler's most standout pick where he really feels unpunishable. But this was the biggest obvious sore spot. It didn't end up mattering. Carrier arguably got also one of the biggest plays at the very end of the game, which is why we still see players go towards the Poppy. But it's important to note that that to us felt like the one little point where you could go I don't know uh that that definitely did open up the game for Geng and allowed them to snowball the lead that they got early on. Yeah, it was pretty huge and they were able to hang on to this lead. We had this crazy Otticon fight which was so back and forth. Faker was able to steal it and then we got to this crazy setup on the Baron where T1 were actually able to turn this one around. And what I love in particular is that this again is just a back and forth between these two teams. So what we want to highlight here is that obviously Doran goes in. Come on guys, it's Doran. Uh so he's he did the entire game um in the best way I might add. But it's T1 knows that Genji's going to be looking for a collapse here, right? Cuz Genji think that T1's out of position, but they set up the trap. And obviously, oh yeah, the fact that Kenyon falls for this uh when he didn't have any vision definitely just overstepped and felt way too safe. That's on him. But it's T1 knowing that Genji is going to do this and then T1 also kind of playing with expectations. Not actually going for Nash, but just turning on to Ke. Oh yeah, especially with the vision control. They didn't have enough of information that the the Genji is coming for the collapse, but the the trap from Honor and Gumayushi was perfect. And I think that actually helped T1 to start the Nash after this. And I think that was the end of the game most likely. And what's so cool to me is that that Geng against a lot of other teams will get away with that play right there because that's where they'll actually close out the game. But T1 out of any team I think is the most dangerous when you're thinking they're caught off guard because they're they thrive so much in the chaos. And I guarantee you in the next game, Cheni, if they had that opportunity, they're going to pull back. They're going to play it slow. T1 definitely very crafty. And that's part of the reason why they were able to come back in this game as we are going to jump into highlight three, which T1 setting up on this dragon trying to deny the dragon soul and they end up winning it. I mean, the crazy thing about this play is that Genji actually pushed the T1 out from for for from the bottom side cuz like they they put the T1 on the choke point, but instantly instant turn from Doran on Chovi made the difference. And I think that changed the whole sequence on this play as well. And I think after that the Poppy ultur set it up from T1 was not great. But that flash walk from Doran was impactful. Yeah, it wasn't a Camille that he found. It was an Aurora instead. But the play still worked. And particularly for me, the funny part about the Poppy is that even though it struggled so much, Doran getting Chi there is what won him the fight. But Carrier getting that twomon is what actually wins them the game. Even though I feel like up until that point, the Poppy hadn't really had a lot of impact. But it's because Ruler and Duro aren't there that Genji just fully collapses in the fight because it was technically a four versus four, right? And then obviously T1 not one to back down. This is looks a little dicey at first, but Doran is able to stall the back line for enough time that even with some of these respawn timers, T1 ends up deciding the game from there. And that kind of is a perfect game number one for this series. So, so we did mention that if T1 need to win against uh Genji, I think Faker need to step up and he he got to do something, but we didn't show it on the highlight, but Faker did stole the attack as well. And I think that was the start of the curve where T1 gets the power against Genji. Feels like T1 really stepped up today. They are so ready for this match against Genji and they're trying to prove that they deserve second place. Can they do it with the second win in a row? Let's go back to our casters and find out. Thank you so much, gentlemen. And yes, we are here for game number two. Let's see whether the circus is still going to be here for us, cuz I just want three games of exactly what we just saw. That would be perfect. Another great thing to mention as well is that we have some former alumni of both teams as CoreJ and Impact are actually both here today. World champs from both teams. Uh absolutely fantastic. Thank you, Team Liquid, for coming on over. Um, that one's really, really cool. So, let's see whether they're going to be treated to yet another um, absolute gigab banger like we had in game number one. You know, I feel like there's a lot of good days to come in the LCK. Today is a great Yeah, it's a pretty good day. Yeah. Pretty good day. It's pretty privileged as well that they managed to get tickets. Um, that's very very impressive. I think they might have some connection. You think they have ins? Yeah. Oh, wow. That would be weird. I think I think they actually I think Impact knows Faker personally. Oh, do you think so? Yeah, I think they have co-work they were formerly cooworkers. I don't That must have been a long time ago. That sounds like something that it would happen in 2013. Um, so going to draft, I think a big thing to mention is the fact that Aurora is gone. So, a lot of the top lane picks that normally get hammered down by her uh will kind of be freed up. Yeah. So, I think big talking point is Rumble was obviously banned previously. Uh, Rumble kind of gets manhandled by Aurora. I feel like the rumble priority will be really high. Might get banned again. Yep. But then there's also the conversation of Gwen Ambessa. So, we'll see how that plays out. Right now, it looks like uh T1 might be going for the Ape uh Azia Yara Pantheon. Yeah, I'm not going for Yap or Pay, but uh AP AP AP could have happened. That would have been fun. Yeah, that could have been good. Uh on the other side, Geng very focused, not things we typically see in the first rotation, but denying the B away from carrier, denying the Javan away from Ona. This makes me feel like they want to pick Rumble into Zyra. Well, this is interesting cuz they banned the Amessa. Ambessa typically good into Gwen, but Yeah. So, maybe it's the Gwen first pick, but you feel like they'd probably want to go Rumble. Um, well, it's also Doran and his Ambessa has been incredible. Yeah. Okay. So, I guess it's Pantheon. Okay. Uh, what is it the fourth time that uh Canyon's been allowed to play it? I mean, the thing is what is going to get traded off in return? I presume it might end up being top. So, maybe you go like Rumble Rise perhaps. This is actually the fifth time that he's played it. He has lost on it one time though. Wukong, which was banned last time by Genji, is open. So T1 are going to get their hands on Wukong. I presume you're probably going to go top mid and then go jungle on three. So maybe T1, especially with the Origon Rise is Faker's next played. He did play Gallio as well, but I I presume they're probably going to lean towards Annie. Annie is available. They could do the Rise group special. The Annie Wukong possibility. Maybe they want to save the top lane pick, but I think it with with the Abessa gone, I think the Rumble rise just yeah, I think it makes a lot of sense. Rumble, if the Gwen's picked, uh, I think that match up is favored. Although we have seen Gwen do better than you typically expect, I still think it's very favor, especially with how strong Rumble is at the moment, but Keen is still happy to take the match up. This is an exciting one. This is kind of what we were looking out for as far as this top lane matchup is concerned. a little bit more feisty you can imagine in that top lane. Is the Gallo going to be the answer here for Chobi has been historically pretty good at this champion as we know. It's a pretty scary matchup. The Pantheon uh Gallio as much as as much as there is that global pressure from the rise. The double globals and the Pantheon Gallo makes it really hard to have pressure in the side lanes. And it looks like they're not going to go for the Wukong. Instead going to go for the Trundle. Um, obviously a lot of pillar value into those triple melee champions on the top side of Geng uh you have the Gallo who's a decent shred option as obviously he starts off building a bit of MR so he's always going to have some decent resistances regardless. Uh the Gwen also uh has a decent amount of resistances from her shroud. So even if they don't have a true tank still still gets a decent amount of value. Um but Genji's top side still just looks so scary. Certainly looks frightening. I also think that the setup that they have as well uh for the bottom side of the map if Ruler is going to be on a hyper carry uh could be pretty scary as well with the double globals you can always be there to protect him in theory. Lucian going to be taken away here and I imagine pretty happy to play things like the Varys or the Jin in this instance. So he will be able to get his hands onto at least one of those. Varys, Jin, um even the Civer as well I think is a decent shout. True. I think those three are kind of the ones in my mind that would be prioritized. Uh obviously saw the Alistister ban come through. Feels like a difficult game to play something like a Zeri as well. Um with the pillars and the equalizers and everything like that, not to mention danger of making you come very short ranged. Yeah, if you go for the zer. I mean it's definitely playable. It's just it is a concern especially into things you know those two midlaners the sorry the two solo laners the rumble and the rise do kind of check you as a zer you know you dash in and then suddenly they're just in your face y melting you um will the varys get banned here that is the question or will they take away something like a rakan uh which could be extremely powerful and that is going to be the decision here not going greedy because they could have instead waited and then picked zakan for themselves but the likelihood that that rakan is going to get locked in a little bit too frightening. And so now the temptation to play Zary is going to be there. Um teams do like playing it into the civer as there's a bit of a grin for ruler. I think like Jinx would be fun. Also kind of denies the Varys um as Civer into Varys. So kind of lowers the priority on taking that could go I mean Jinx is something you could in theory go into the Civiver but we haven't really seen too much of it. Um, looks like they do want to commit to some engage, which I think makes sense when you do have the Gallo having something to set up for that. As much as the Pantheon can do that point and click stun, I don't think it's quite enough. It does give a great target for the Rumble though. You drain those resistances when you go in with the the R. So, another target for the Rumble to be able to ult. And now the 80 carry pick for Ruler. Yeah, continuing to have a bit of a think about it. Here is Ruler. I imagine he's like, can I play Ezreal? Cuz I really want to play Ezreal. But I hope it's not the case. Also a little bit worried about this one. I think Zer probably makes the most sense. I'm trying to think what else he would play Jinx. But it's going to be Zer instead. And so this is going to be potentially a difficult one for Ruler to play out as what are we playing carrier? What have we been cooking up? Zillian. Well, as we know, there's no Killian the Zillian. That's a silus that he's hovering. So maybe we're not uh not being serious just yet. See what he does decide to lock in. Can be, of course, the Nautilus, which h does work out relatively well. But instead, Rnado will be locked in. Okay, so I mean, this is the thing we talked about, right? The melee top side, the short range composition. One of the best champions at punishing short-range compositions is Ranata. You You're forced to dive in against T1. There's no real option about that. And now you're diving into a Trundle. You're diving into a Ranada. And it's going to be pretty difficult. I feel like if we get to the later stages against T1, if Genji aren't crisp, if they end up face tanking the hostile takeover, uh things could get very messy very quickly. So, I think T1 have some powerful tools behind them. And it's really going to come down to this Pantheon Gallo. This is such a strong duo. They have so much global pressure. We could very much see Genji running away with this game as a result. But if they don't, I think the 5v5s T1's going to have a lot of power leading towards those. It's going to be so incredibly scary. The amount of ricochet value that they will get from this low range composition is going to be just absurd. And being a Zary and being able to move really fast and skate around, it matters to a point, right? But when there's equalizers everywhere, when you're basically having to dodge the fire every single time, it just becomes a really difficult World of Warcraft uh like late game boss raid encounter um where you can't really do the DPS quite as well because you're too busy wondering about mechanics and not wanting to stand in the fire. And we'll see whether Ruler has actually practiced or not. New expansion coming out. Maybe he's been playing it. Let's get on to the rift. Get into game number two. [Music] All right, here we are, ladies and gentlemen, onto the rift for game number two. T1 versus Gen. Genji needing a win to get us to a third game. And T1 wanting a victory here to clinch that second place. We were talking about steak a lot earlier on in the week. Uh, sorry, vegetarians. Um, but there's certainly a lot in this game as well. Amazing that our Saturday showdown in our final week of the regular season still has a lot to play for. Not necessarily on Genji's side as they have already locked in first place as of months ago. Um, but for T1, this means a whole lot. And I feel like you're exactly right. I think that this this draft for T1 is looking real frightening. Yeah, they don't necessarily have a lot of range themselves, but they do really they have a composition that loves not having range. And the fact that their opponents also don't means that that melee is going to be pretty scary. I think there's two sides to it. I think the game is even at the later stages. I think you'll feel really bad cuz there's a lot of champions that punish lowrange comps. But on the other side, I think the Genji game plan is, as I said, the mid jungle and then you look at So the mid jungle game plan when you have like the double globals is play to the sides and you look at who the sides are and it's Gwen and it's Zer. Yeah. And if they get fed, it's it's just game over. So I I think there's definitely ample wincons around that for Genji. But it just comes down to how it plays out cuz obviously last game we saw Genji got ahead and then weren't able to close out. I do think if they get ahead, if they get the lead that Ruler had last time on the Zeri, I don't think it's gonna be as difficult. Yeah, that's going to be a different story. Yeah, but uh we'll see what they're able to do. Hasn't been so good here in the legend group as we can see. Couple of those losses also being Duro. I feel like in terms of engage supports, she's kind of fallen down a good amount in terms of the tiers. She's had a couple of of ns, but just if you think about the engage supports that I really prioritize, there's like Nico Alistister, I'd probably say Rakan is next. Yep. Um, as much as Re does have a lot of power, I think she's just not really been hitting the same. Not quite. Certainly not in the results. And that is the kind of analysis that I am into because that means that it resulted in her thing. Yes. And that just must be the best as the results of Chov's early game have been going down to about 200 health, but hasn't really been suffering too much as far as farm is concerned. I just feel like this is just what we This is just the standard Gallio experience. Yep. Just pain, pain, pain. Oh, I got to recall. Okay, I guess we're fine. We're fine. I got magic resist. Less fine here on this bottom side of the map for Geng. Yeah, not a fun lane match up. And that's the thing. I feel like it's three pretty favorable lane matchups for T1. You know, mid lane, I mean, eventually gets to the point where where Chi can just one-shot waves and ignore the damage from Faker, but the start Faker is going to have that pressure. Uh the Rumble obviously pretty favored. And then here, the the range into melee support and spot now looking for a potential dive. They are healthy. They're healthy, but so is this wave as extender beam does come on through. Let's see what Dur can do to keep Ruler alive as he does ghost, but that is not going to help him at all. Down will go carrier though. And so that is something back. A one for one. But with the Zer missing out on all of this farm, it is still a huge trade up here for T1 as Canyon looking to charge things up, but not going to quite get on in there as Keen looking a little worse for wear, not wanting to push their luck. Yeah, not sure what Canyon was going for with that one. Um, it was just a ramp up, you know. It's kind of like uh like what Ramy the Rhino does in in in Donkey Kong where he scratches the ground with his paw. Yeah. Is it a paw or is it a hoop? It's not a hoot, just a foot. Okay. Ruler is up here towards the top side. We're going for a little bit of a lane swap. What are the feet of a Rhino called? I think it's just hooves as well, right? They're not hooves though, are they not? I don't think so. As Ruler may just kill Doran here as he flashes and picks it up. I still don't know anything about Rhino's feet, but I do know that Ruler is going to be very happy with a kill. Yeah, that that seemed a very free kill, going to be honest. And I feel like Dar just had the information and definitely could have disengaged that situation. So, I was going to say h despite the fact that a kill got traded back in the bot lane, which you're going to see now, still pretty good for T1. What ended up being unfortunate is Carrier actually dies a little too late. So, he has the bailout, but Ruler dies too soon. the tower hit is just a little bit too late. So, he doesn't get the bailout to come back, but they still deny a lot of farm. And it's actually Duro who gets the kill. So, I think T1's still pretty happy with that. And then Doran I Yeah, just didn't flash to follow the flash, I guess, cuz they could have both flashed, but then I guess Zer probably still has a dash sooner than the scrap shield is up. Feeling very generous. I think we'll see. I guess so. Um maybe there was a message roller like, "Oh man, that was really brutal." like you flashing on top of me every single moment in the last game. Can I have one back? Maybe uh maybe there's some generosity there as Keen not going to be treated with very much generosity here towards the bottom side of the map. I say that Doran is going down so incredibly low as Ona gets in there, tries to put him in the kennel as the ward goes down and Doran is able to help him burn that one out. So, it is going to be double flashes invested here by T1 as Choby with the justice punch that goes the wrong direction, but that is going to be aok. Okay, that looked a little spooky for Chi there. Um, we don't see commit anymore. Was a little bit conscious that maybe someone's hanging around, but uh Chi was like 200 HP there after justice punch. So, but a good gank there from Ona just to give some pressure back to Darren. You're wondering why did Darren not flash? He was saving it for that exact moment. Exactly. There you go. that got the value for his Trundle. Oh, as Duro is flashing in, handshake is going to come on down as Canyon says, "This is my dragon. Please leave it alone." And they will say, "Yes." Yep. Going to have to back away in that situation with Ona that low, it's so easy for Pantheon just to execute you. And you know, with Canyon being level six with Doro charging in like that, you know, he's turning up. So unfortunate for T1 that they lose out on the dragon, but I think happy that they didn't lose out on more with the jungler surviving. Yeah, it gets very scary cuz Doran doesn't have his and Keen has his but uh a good flash to dodge away from the third charge from Keen there and then just trying to maintain distance. Ona chomping him down and eventually flashes to commit the kill. Obviously Keane having the exhaust not really able to create space. Nope. No flash available here for this particular Gwen as Duro is utilizing that hex flash and they will be able to find Goomba here. He does have the bailout, but I just don't know whether that's going to be procking as Ruler looking for more. It is another kill going over to this Zary. And oh, Wol's got a day off today. We'll have to ask him about verification. I don't think we're certifying it just yet, but uh we will have word for you when he does let us know exactly when this Zer is like potentially online. That timing seemed flawless from Ruler and Duro that Yeah, with the spell shield. With the spell shield. That was so well played cuz you can see Goomba's like, "Okay, Duro's coming at me. I'll spell shield the stun. It's going to be fine. I have my summoners." But watch. So slow down's perfect. The ult catches the spell shield. Um that was crazy. 20 seconds. Yeah, I mean sinking that up. Not an easy thing to do, but pulling off perfectly and the power of the level six from Zer obviously very strong. T1's bot lane, not expecting to be punished cuz you know, you think you're playing Civ, you think he's got the spell shield ready, the safety, but a great punish there from Genji's bot lane. And now the Zer being 211, that's a huge deal. And I have confirmation from Wolfe in the chat. He has said that this is certified. Yeah. So that's kind of crazy. Not necessarily picking up a triple kill in a dragon skirmish or anything like that, which is what we've certified in the past, but certainly he is feeling pretty good. Dur once again hex flashing over. Going to get the flash out from Carrier here as well. I feel like Duro's mad is uh he had some rough moments where his pop blossom was kind of interrupted especially by carrier. There was a fight around I believe it was the Articon pit where it looked like Duro just solo alted carrier but I think it was largely because the heroic charge had stopped him from being able to do anything after pressing his R button which could have been a big turnaround as Drew once again going to be charging that one up. Immediate handshake is of course full information was there for T1. I think Carrier missed the brush with the first ward cuz he just put down a second ward. It's always good to have more like a backup ward. I reckon I think that first ward might have been just outside when he first went up to place it and that's why he got caught out before Benn's flash. Ah, you're exactly right. Unfortunate. Oh no. Yeah, some needle work going to come on through here as Carrier. Oh, not going to find the hostile takeover because Keen just walks over it. Now he's looking for Gumushi who's not going to have any way out of this one. Dur just pulls him in with the magnet storm. Now, um, can we have some Gwen certification as well? Because Kane is kind of massive. Yeah, I talked about how this mid jungle, the Pantheon, and the Gallo setting up the side laners, like if Gwen and Zer get fed, it's going to be a big problem. I'm going to be real, the Gallo, the Pantheon, not anything, right? It's just they're being set up by the cavalry, which is just Duro canering and hex flashing into every lane. Dur has decided he knows what the the objective is and he is succeeding massively and now with Ken Ruler so far ahead I am very concerned for D1 I'm bit concerned for Chovy here as well as he is going to have to flash to get himself out of this one but I still don't know whether he's out of the woods just yet is going to justice punch and that is going to keep him alive that is a big flash now on cool down here for Gen see whether they are going to be too worried about it going to check this one out once again looking very relaxed there in the player cam He just wanders over and the hostile takeover is just going to do nothing as a result. There's another flash in live as we can see in picture and picture. Yeah, just runs them down. Knows they don't have the summoners committing to it with Duro and it just feels like they've been kind of unrelenting at this point. Yep, of warfare comes on through there as well as we do get the little hover over to confirm that Goran does have his flash now on cool down as these minions aren't all going to die, but most they'll be uh okay. He's going to take a fair bit of damage here from Kane who has Rift Maker done. Doran has a small book. Yeah. Uh I hope it's a good book. Yeah. Um, no matter how small it is, uh, Keen has made a rift and you have a story. A story that has turned into a different story. Now he has like a little fidget spinner and a slightly more impressive book. So yeah, it's a scary book nowish. Yeah. So a little bit more to play around with. What is a codeex technically? What's the difference between a codeex and like anything else? Uh, I think I knew the answer to this at some point in my life. I feel like I feel exact same. I feel like I once knew that and then it's been removed in return for like the AP ratios on Zigs Q. Oh, got a little bit of a stun here on Owner who does have to flash away. Hostile takeover is only going to connect onto the Pantheon, but he's kind of okay with it as the heroic charge comes down. Bailout will actually activate, but not too much more as Oh goodness, if it wasn't certified before, it certainly is now. Yeah, Wolf was on to something as that's a double kill. 4-1 and two now for the Zer. And this isn't a Kaiser. This is a little different when it comes to the team fights coming up. Yeah, I I'm a little bit worried for T1. I think Geng at this point, you know, even though the gold lead isn't massive, it just feels like they have everything they need right now. They jump onto owner. Hostile takeover comes in and there's a decent amount of AOE that comes back. You can see Faker doing a decent amount doing a decent amount, but no one ends up dying and they just see target, kill target. you know, rulers just running people down. And this is an extremely fed Zary. 2,000 again. Yeah. Yeah. It feels more significant this time though, I would say. So, it did feel pretty significant last time, but the results certainly were not. Um, this is another result of some uh some situations that were happening elsewhere as the teleport brings Faker in, but he doesn't really want to be here. Still carrier and owner are going to turn up and I don't think Keen is quite as immune as he really wants to be as the bailout is down onto owner and down goes the Gwen. That is going to be Faker getting a kill back. Finally on the board here is his rise. I don't think this is going to quite be enough to get T1 into the driver's seat especially with this situation that's now happening in the mid lane. Is two full full levels up on Goomba. Yeah, like sometimes you see the number and you're like, "Oh, he's two levels up because, you know, they were like close." To be fair, Goomba did just get a good amount of XP cuz he kind of catch up XP. But, uh, yeah, it is it's going to be first turret going over to T1. Massive lead. That is going to be a big deal that will be able to close that gap just a little bit, but it is still 2.5k. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Uh, well, Kumishi is going to get magnetized and R going to zap him a few times. Does actually invest the flash. just to make sure that he's not going to get closed in on as owner has found him. And if he gets into room prison range, this could be dangerous for Ruler who's trying to kite this one out, but it's not going to work. And it's going to be the Rumble that locks down the shutdown. T1 immediately swing that pendulum back. It's not all the way, but it's moving back in their direction. Okay, you'll take that. You know, uh Goomba's KDA we learned from the last game isn't relevant. It is not. his nor is the gold which is still 2.6,000 6,000 gold. Um, by the way, that is not as big as, you know, like the the lead isn't that big, right? So, they're making up for it elsewhere kind of. I feel like team are doing a good job of finding ways to punish when some of the members are overextended. You know, we typically talk about the Faker sacrifice than finding something from it. It feels like they're just kind of doing it with anyone. Anytime Dura is setting up a play, they're like, "Okay, let's just see what we can clean up from this." And this feels bad at at first glance, but then the turn around comes in the ruler didn't land the slow upset. Yeah. Uh and here Faker has flash and thinks I can get him without it. The slow comes in from even walks away before he knows the Q's going to hit and gets that 652 gold uh shut down. So they can get him pretty strong as well. Now y of strength do go over and this is something that Genji missed out on last time. We'll see whether there's going to be some more whoopsies as well as I do feel like their last draft was a little bit more finesse based, right? They didn't necessarily like they had a scion front to back certainly was possible, but it was a lot more bursty. I mean, it was definitely they had to kind of dive in. There was a lot of ifs and buts. This one just kind of feels like like Kane and Canyon go in, Chovi go on, guy who has aggro, rule or kill everyone. You point Zer and Gwen in the right direction and you just release. Yeah. And that's No, it's a slingshot pretty much. Are we going to Can we coin that as like the name of the the this style of composition? Slingshot composition. You wind them up. Wind them up. Maybe call it a Hot Wheels. Hot Wheels. I like a Hot Wheels. Although not all of them are the pullback and then go type uh little cars, are they? Hot Wheels often just models. They are pretty great though. Did you have like one of the the Hot Wheels tracks? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man, they were so cool. Yeah. Did you ever like did you ever use it as a track or was it only ever to launch cars as far as you could launch them? Launch cars. Yeah, that was actually the only thing I thought that it was. You ever play Roller Coaster Tycoon? Oh, yes. You know, there was that roller coaster you can make where I did the loop and just went and then if you'd make one of those with the That's what you'd want to do. And then you finish making one of those, you're like, "Oh, I finished the game. Yeah, I've beaten it. This is beautiful. That's what you want to do with your Hot Wheels as well. Just, you know, I was I was actually watching Roller Coaster Tycoon content recently. It still exists and it's thriving. That's great. It's crazy. What a phenomenal game it is. Never expected it to really go that high. It's when um you you'd you'd put on the entrance you'd put a no entry sign in front of the exit um so they couldn't leave and then you you'd put like cheap drinks and then you you'd make the toilets really expensive. I was an evil child but it worked. You know satisfaction down rockets. You were less about the roller coaster, more about the tycoon. I think uh is how that one worked there. Ox. Yeah. Is a true entrepreneur. Okay. Well, let me know. Like, I'm never going to go to your restaurant that you're going to open after being an LCK commentator. Oh, man. All right. T1 going to go for something else here as we do have soul point on the table here for Geng. It's Infernal Soul as well. That is a big deal. But Canyon taking a lot of damage. That last Q from Faker had a hit. That could have been a big deal as he has stacked up. At least his serifs does have his rod of ages now halfway stacked as well. I feel like this is so much around the main characters right now. 41 really is fake. He is doing so much damage and for Genji there's no surprise as um the plus the runs posing so much threat. Doesn't have the eye yet. That will be a massive spike but still he is such a problem to deal with. He also very potent threat. They are starting up the dragon. This will be third for Genji. So T1 really want to have this unlock. coming in from Chovi. He's going to make his way over there. Yeah, immediate teleport going to come on through here from both the Rumble and the Gallo as Keen possibly going to get flanked here as Faker does come on over, but he has Carrier in tow. We do have the heroic entrance coming down. The equalizer does basically nothing unfortunately and Trophy's able to tank this one up. T1 using so many resources and they have to real themselves out, but Duro just catches them in the magnet. Handshake is decent, but it just brings RE closer. So, the T1 will melt. Another pent will be denied. This time it's Canyon that does it, but RA probably still happy. He's a 9 and2 Z in this game. That's just prime scenario for the Zer. You saw T1 not thinking they can take a straight up 5v5. Look to try and shut down the Gwen on the angle. The Gallo comes in to save and then it's just clean up time for the Zerry. This game was looking bad before. It only got worse. Well, uh, we know, you know, T1 have made pretty heroic comebacks before, but I do feel like this whole engage just didn't quite work. Chovi manages to get him with the ulti and then lands a massive taunt. Yeah. And then we get the slow comes in from the Pantheon and then the engage from the re and then this with the Runans as well. Yeah, the ulti hits four at the same time. It's just prime scenario for Azeri at this point. And I feel like Ruler just it was just like the the most chill team fight ever. He was so locked in, dude. He didn't say Pent once. Wow. That is it's serious. He has grown. Truly, but it was just a very chill clean up. You know, the team was setting him up and he just knocked him down. Well, you know that uh that that edge that goes really really far, possibly never ending that has now been completed as Ona wanting to steal this one away. He does get stunned up though and then just put into the blender. Down goes Kumoshi first. The other is secured by Ruler somehow as carrier trying to get himself out, but he just gets crashed into by this real and now skating over the wall. Jet set radio future here for Ruler and he will be able to just zap down Faker. There's the pent kill for rulers. There he is. As it doesn't work the first time, why not just set it up again? This time he slides in with the with so much damage. Gets the Anakan as well. Not quite a hexa kill, but might as well be. Y can see T1 just desperate to stop this objective. They dash in here and the Anakan ends up going super low. Canyon actually smited early cuz he was about to die, but Zer ends up getting it. Carrier tries to TP out, gets interrupted. And then here R is definitely going to call for it now. Yeah, let's listen to him celebrate. The man that gets denied the most pentas out of any other player on the planet. It will be Doroth able to lock it down. But quadrant kill comes in. Let's Let's I want to see the celebration. Give it to me. Wow. Zero reaction at all. I guess he's maybe he's playing Zer so he's like maybe it doesn't count as Keen is going to be able to pick up a kill on Doran here at the same time. Feels like a bit of a formality at this point in time. Last time they had a bit of a lead. Um it was nothing compared to this. It's 10,000 gold at 22 minutes. This game is a shellacking and it is absolutely over. It just doesn't even look close at this point. I mean Ruler is so fed right now. 14 and two on this. You look at his items and then I'm not gonna say it. Actually, I was gonna say, "Yeah, don't." No, just just don't just stay looking at ruler's items. Don't look anywhere else. Yeah. Yeah. Look to the left of the bottom of the screen. Yeah. Don't Don't look at the number. The number is large. Don't look Don't look to the other side. It's Wow. That is a That is a I can't remember the last time we've seen that much of an item. A three completed item advantage. Yeah. Yeah. No, that that that doesn't often happen. Uh Spaker is not going to get killed by Ruler here, who I don't think can skate into four people and like do it by himself just yet. But maybe the science, you know, maybe he could. He does. He has a shield boost. I don't know. Maybe. Yeah. He's also got the upgraded shoes. Chovy going to look for Owner here. Does manage to land the taunt, but Ruler not going to go too aggressive. Keen is though as in comes the Gallo as well. lands a nice double knockoff as the bailout is there but it buys a few seconds maybe and Genji are just going to pile in and destroy looking to skate on over in just one taps the rest of Doran's health bar and Genji I think they're done having fun in this game they're going to look towards game number three to try and close this one out T1 will be back on the blue side though once again I'm just glad that we get the full series between these two Titans here in the LCK. Remember stakes still massive for T1. They will have that first pick advantage. Let's see whether they can turn around this momentum. A massive game from Gen G and I think possibly the most one-sided game we've had in round three to five. Definitely up there. It's insane to think about just with how extremely close the first game felt. Yeah. So definitely coming back with Adventures. And you know, we talked about the risk of leaving the Pantheon up. At times I'm like, "Oh yeah, there was a Pantheon." because it felt like the main characters in terms of the carries were Gwen and Zer. Duro, I think, was the main character in terms of impact. 24 kill participation out of 25 kills in total. He was everywhere this game setting up his carries perfectly. And if ever there's been a statement game, uh, Duro definitely saying we are going to win this series. Doing his best to make sure we're taking it to three games and delivering on that promise. Certainly did. Justice for supports has never felt so good with Duro and Carrier at the helm. Possibly leading as far as our PO votes are concerned, but we'll have to see what happens in game number three. Thankfully, we get one as this one's going the distance. Time for us to take a short break when we get back to space. Then we'll have that third game of the Saturday Showdown. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We got to [Music] Goodbye. Bye. You [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Oh, [Applause] [Music] wellch. Okay. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] RX. [Applause] [Music] Oh, good. Okay. I Wonderful. Good luck. Time out. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello and welcome back to the space. We're here after game number two where Geng was able to shut down T1 and bring us of course to game number three right after this. Uh ended up being kind of the Zary show as we had I think it was a quadrickill and a pentakill for Ruler in this game. Picking up the Zary and game two of Fearless was pretty interesting and was able to take over game with that. What do you guys think about that game two? Bit of a Biffy in that one. Uh, I think we also are treated to peak Doran experience where we have game one where I think he was together with Faker like by far the biggest carry performance into game two just kind of as we will see uh soon unfortunately just kind of running into people and going down but it gets us to game three and that's all that really matters. We wanted this to go to a free gamer even though game two wasn't nearly as good as game one. Yeah, I think T1 they had uh such a great early game from their bot side. I think with the support counter pick uh they did really well in the earlier phase but uh it ended up in a really bad way cuz Doran take it some and give us some for the team as well. So I think uh that's why we picked the first highlight here because they actually managed to clean dive on ruler here. Even though you trade your support for the dive, I think it's still worth cuz snowball really hard from this one. But after that, Luler is gonna go top and lane swap and get the free kill on Rumble. And he has flash by the way. He's on vision. And he has flash by the way. Yeah. So the the reason why we highlighted that is because and I think after that Guma and Carak clearly lost focus and weren't able to keep up in the game whatsoever. But it's easy to the first three levels as highlighting the lane played out as it should. If Brut doesn't get a freebie. Uh, and I think this is also we're obviously going in and dorm. This is also one of the things that Genji does best. Even though lane swap meta, like actual lane swaps are gone. Genji's rotation around the map, I think, is still the best that we have in the LCK. They're so good at getting these leads and catching people off guard with these swaps. Um, and unfortunately that happened for unfortunately for T1 that happens here. Great for us though cuz it got us again free. And it wasn't the end of the woes for T1 because not about, you know, four or five minutes later in highlight number two, we had Gwen uh going in and picking up a double kill with this nice play that they set up onto Keria. And it's also testament to Duro who I think has had a good series, but particularly in this one on the rail really popped off. Uh I I think unfortunately even for the justice for support lobby uh it'll be hard to deny ruler after the things he did. Uh but it's this wraparound right like he's he's faking out that he's going elsewhere on the map but then instead they get a really nice collapser onto the I really like the execution from Duro. Like I think normally all the other supports will just stand next to your top laner and just try to uh get the wave on on the turret but Duro actually hides himself and consumes the RA ulti with his W as well. I think every execution that he showed up on the top side was really clean. It was just really nice setups in the early game. And Genji, as we know, if they get a lead, they're not going to really lose hold of it except in game one, which is kind of funny. Uh, but let's take a look at highlight number three, which was this bottom fight about 18 minutes in where they were able to close out the game. And T1 at this point know they have to kind of go for a hill Mary, right? The game is rapidly slipping away, so you might as well try to collapse. It's a multi. It's Gwen, so they know that this most likely isn't going to work. Uh, if the Gwen wasn't enough, there's also the Gallo. And, um, Chovi, his laning phase obviously was always going to struggle. Uh, but look, look at that. Look at that. Uh, the fiveman taunt means that I think Guma spell shields it, but everyone else still is in it. Means that they also don't get to capitalize on the uh, from the Ranada, right? Normally, that's something that you can really use. And then the engage here with no one matching ruler as he pops off. Yeah, it was just clean team fight from uh Jenji. I mean again I think whenever Gwen and Zary is uh really fed in early game that means you can't really play the game. So I think the setup from their uh from the T1 in the early game was not great. And so I feel like they just need to kind of set up well around the how they want to like lane lane lane swap around the the bolt side because I feel like I think many times uh they try to get the advantage from both side. They do but after that they kind of fell off because Genji tries to like open up the map and str on the map. So I feel like if they can actually match those kind of plays from Jenji I think they have great chance to get it. Well, we are going to take a look at Ruler and his pentakills as well. He has eight as a player and the most pentacills in the LCK is of course Zer uh as a champion. Uh Smolder probably up there as well even though he hasn't been around for as long just because Smolder is insane at getting pentacills as well. But Zary and Ruler, congrats to you guys for having that many pentacills. And uh that's the end of our space here for game number two. Let's throw it back to the casters for game number three. [Music] Thank you very much, gentlemen, for that breakdown. I still think it's hilarious. Uh the pays over his career has got eight pentacills so far. Um and Ruler, of course, if you include his LPL and Asia Games, thanks to Don for looking this up. He does have 11 pentacills over his career. That the career has lasted an extra what, 7 years, which is just kind of funny because when Zer was introduced, so was Pace. Yeah. good time to debut if you want to get pentacills on your record. So obviously Zer one of those champions who just does a great job at getting pent kills and we saw that delivered there quadrip but I think really for me highlight was Duro who I think the early lead in game one was set up a lot by Duro and the lead as well completely set up by Duro in game two. So it'll be interesting to see what happens in game three. I think ultimately even though there was a fantastic job by T1 bot lane of stabilizing and we talked about GMA despite being behind came back they were just blown out in game two. So carrier I think yeah a stronger performance in game three. I would agree. I think like aim for like not above a 1,500 gold advantage because in both games it's been about 2.6k. Yeah. At some point. So, like let's aim for 1.5 and maybe that's salvageable, more manageable, I guess, instead of relying on some shenanigans around and things like this to get them back into a game one and getting colossally smashed in game two. Shout outs to Gallo's passive. One thing with the fact that Pantheon was let through is that now Genji back on red side, they can go uh bay, you know, which is funny. the banning bard who looks a bit like Baymax. Yeah, true. It's one of my favorite sounds to ever exist in a movie, by the way. It's pretty great. It's so good. Alast comes through. Presumably, this is the unara that's going to come forward. Just kind of want them to ban something that starts with T just so they can ban bat. Bat. It just be kind of fun. Unfortunately, Trundle was picked last time. Yeah. Um, and he has a bat as well. Oh god, it'd be so good. Yeah. Well, let's see. Maybe they could ban Darius and then pick Ezreal and Draven. Look at Lucian said, so Yaro left open. They can't spell. Remember game one, T1 banned Yaro themselves. Um, but I feel like they're going to lock it in. Yeah. So, what is the answer then from Geng because they know that that has to be the first pick. Yeah. And also, you know, we've seen Wait, Wukong hasn't been picked yet the whole series. Yeah. Uh, didn't really get a look in last time. She said, so I feel like some things that you can think about are the fact like Wukong Rakan are available. The Kaiser isn't available, which you sometimes see picked on. Hasn't always gone super successfully, but it's been kind of that like you CC, you target it, you lock it down. But I certainly think the Wukong is what I would definitely look to prioritize here. Yeah, I mean you just you pick Annie Wukong, right? Because they also banned the bard. So bard has been such a great answer to the monkey and so now the monkey gets to just run a muk. Wukong anyh three would make it very hard to play a short-range JD carry if you can get a on three. So we'll see. There has been the the Wukong Ani has been the rise group special uh in terms of pairings has been very successful. Let's just see whether it's enough because we've seen Yinara be pretty terrifying as there is the Wukong Annie that we were expecting. Now T1 kind of forced to pick the Rakan. Um but we'll see exactly what they're going to be picking into it here as Ona hovering some champions. Haven't necessarily got anything in mind just yet right now. Considering outranging the Annie with a Victor, but it doesn't necessarily fill you with joy. Yeah, I think the thing with the Victor is you obviously scale well and it provides another target. So if the the Yarao goes down, you have someone else to put out that DPS. So I think a lot of value there. Um ultimately though, you're still vulnerable to the same aggression that can challenge a Yara, but you know, if the engage comes on one target, if you're split from them, you put that gravity field down for the old D and cause disruption. They do go for the Scarnner though, which is one of those picks that I feel like this is something you typically see a lot from Gen Z is like a Victor Scarnner duo. Um, definitely going to cause disruption though. The the grab, the alt as well from the Scarnner can definitely disrupt an engage. We'll see if Genji opt to go for just lock the Rakan. There's no Tia. There's no Poppy. You you're just free to do it if you would like to. And there it is. I mean, it's the Raz group special for a reason. And so far, out of the positives for T1, they got Yara, and the positives end very abruptly with a large cliff in my opinion. Yeah, I mean, they've definitely Genji equipped themselves with the tools to shut shut down Yunar when it comes to those team fights. So, going to be a hard one to navigate. That being said, their composition now uh you definitely want to to bolster it with some sort of reliable DPS. We kind of saw that a little bit in uh game one where they had the engage options, they had the the backline threat, but they didn't really have the follow through in the rest of the fight. Yeah. You see the Zigs ban come through something that has been a little bit of the bane of T1 in uh previous matches. Do you know what's really cool? They've uh there's no Oriana. She's already been taken away. Synra isn't really in the meta at the moment. And so far, Genji had banned ball and there are no balls. Oh, wait. No, actually Yara has loads of them. Never mind. Yeah, true. Unfortunately, they didn't ban the Yara, but they did ban the ball. So, maybe there's maybe there's something to be said there. Thank you for the contribution. Yeah, the Nautil Nautilus didn't really help out. Um, and I have now definitely derailed us just a little bit. Yeah. Um, maybe I should stop spelling. I might I might need to work on that. Um, but this is war for Geng. Okay, they deny the Zyra. We have seen Zia a little bit into it. Jin is open. I guess they could go. I don't like the Jin that much. I think it just works when you go in, you have like the the kind of alt on top. Oh, we could just light things on fire. It doesn't feel like a lot of power in the early stages though. And so the Jin is what they're going to go back to here. You know, I think when you go for the engage, you know, you pop the ult to kind of follow up to kind of be uh providing that damage on top of that. Yep. Additional threat. It's just very popular in the meta. Has that that lane pressure as well. And now counter pick goes over to Keen at the same time. So Doran needing to try and find something he wants to blind pick. I feel like in meta's past that would almost always be NAR and instead it's going to be the Yoro, a champion that we have seen in game threes quite a few times and something that Doran has made work before. Not a lot of the things that are commonly picked into the Yoro are up and available as well as the Ambessa has been banned away. The Renekton has been used. All right, what's carrier? Is open. Pike is open. Um don't know if it's a Pike game. Yeah, not sure I'd pair Pike together here. It's Tom Kench. Tom Kench makes sense in terms of the safety. Not apparent we've really seen too much with Yara specifically, but it's a concept that makes sense. You know, you want to keep your carriers alive into this. Yep. Also, Carrier really wanted to pick an engage support and he got one. Yeah. Uh that's sort of his way as the Casante, the keen Sante being hovered here as he's grinning just a little bit. Let's see what is actually going to be confirmed. But this would make some sense given the player that we're seeing on our screen. And they will lock that one in. So Genji going for the rise group special. Understanding where the culture lies and respecting it here with the Raan Wukong Annie that has just been so incredibly good. It's not necessarily breaking any records as far as creativity is concerned. Um, but it's tried and true and it certainly works. T1, they have a Yara, they have a Victor, and they have a Dream. And we'll see whether the Mushi can pop off. It's one of those things. They have a lot of tools to shut down these carries. There's a lot of early agency. Skirmish is going to be phenomenal. We've seen how much the Wukong can do. Yeah. But you look on the other side and you have this Yunara Victor and you think if this game goes late, if we get into the 5v5s, if they're not able to blow up the Yunara, I just think they kind of lack a good amount of damage. You know, they're their sort of carry is the Jin who we've seen, you know, if he's especially if he's pumping damage into a Scarnner can struggle a little bit. You have a tank top laner, you have a mid jungle who about that burst combo. So, I think T1, you know, we saw them absolutely fail to do that last game, but Weather in the Storm definitely the MMO in this one. Yep. And it's once again we're going to see who is going to make it to the milestone first. Whether it will be Chrovy or whether it will be Carrier based on who wins this game will be coming away with that one as well in today's Saturday showdown. Let's get into it. All [Music] right, here we are, ladies and gentlemen, on the rift for game number three. The decider between T1 and Geng in our best of three of best of threes that we've had here in our rounds three through five. Whoever wins this will come away with the series series win. And if T1 are able to take it and get themselves towards that second place. But for now, HLE are leading. T1 looking for a few angles here as Doran has taken the Pentacill skin. Kind of like that one. The base player Yoro just feels right, you know. It's a good vibe. It certainly is. All right, let's have a look at how things are going to start. I could imagine that the bottom side of the map is probably going to be pretty even between these two. Although Jin, would you say theoretically has a little bit of early agency? Yeah, I mean, you can usually get the push, I would say, into the Inar. Um, how do you feel about Gumushi ghosting the lane? Love to see it. I'm a big fan. Get that first. Already a bit of Biffo here between the two bottom lanes as will find that fourth shot. Not going too too hot. Yeah, the tempo heal going to come on through and the barrier going to be used in response here. But the heal going to come down once again. Ruler just plotting his way over. Holding on to that purple bullet. A lot of pressure. Yeah, does not manage to actually fire it into Gushi though. Some success for the Yaro thus far. Lane control well and truly in control by Geng. Yeah, so much for the Inar around using that Q once you have those empowered autos for your trading power. Gumas popped it now just to try and get the wave shove and match. It will be pretty close. It's actually level two hit about the same time between them. And do you know what the best thing about this game is? What slirles? Oh yeah. Yeah, we're back there once again. I apologize. Often times the Yara is banned. Um but sometimes we just get to talk about circles and it's just really really cool. Faker is uh going to find Canyon, but Oner is there alongside him as both the mid laners just saying hi to the junglers and will back away afterwards. Here's the Wukong Annie stats as Yeah, have a look. The best team in the league has two victories with this combo. Tried and true. Wow. I mean, it looks pretty. He always talks about it as being the rice group combo is doing so well there, but it's kind of crazy to see how well it's done just across the board. Yep, bro. for just being an inspiration to us all. And by us all, I mean the teams in the LCK. And I don't even think they did it first, but I'm going to give it to them anyway. Of course you would. Cuz Ruler and Duro do have control of this wave, but no whoopsies just yet. Cannons going the way they're supposed to and all that sort of stuff. But a little bit of farm in advantage here for Ruler as Gran's going to connect onto Carrier. does eat the gray health and is going to be absolutely fine. Canyon just mowing through the jungle. Has completed his first clear and will be able to take this crab on the bottom side now. Going to look for a little bit of an angle as Duro has moved over is kind of low. They go I mean Ruler has the four shot as well. I think they just pierced him. Yep. Let's see whether they can find the angle in as Gumushi is going to be able to make his way out actually as Ruler was tanking up the turret. They get the teleport out from the Yoro and this could signify an early lane swap here for T1 as Owner is making his way and gets the flash out from Chovi. Very nicely played here as T1 decent amount of pressure and the fact that they now get to move into a lane swap I think is a big deal because Doran's teleport doesn't feel quite as bad. I I actually love plays like this where they like TP the top. I mean, Darren's never going to be there in time to make it, but one of the things is you go for a play like that on Aguma and him losing out on the farm for the team feels like a net negative, but because you TP Darren down there feels like you lose out a lot more overall. Um, managing to maintain maintain tempo to good amount. Yep. And Goomba just able to slip away from that that play. Eats the for shot and it's a little scary because he doesn't have barrier, right? Um, so that dive that was coming through, heal wasn't available, no barrier. It felt like the burst might have just been enough, which is why Genji went for it. Weren't able to find it. I will say, however, though, Dor uses TP. Keane saved his. Yeah, he just walked down towards this bottom lane and gets this whole wave as it crashes into the turret. So, this Casante that was falling a little bit further behind is now feeling absolutely fine. Not to mention the fact that Doran hadn't bought yet. So, he did have to go back anyway and then has to walk. We do see a cold pick up from GMA and he gets to pick up some farm here. So, it works out pretty okay for both sides, I'd say. But, uh, yeah, we'll see if Keen manages to find an angle to utilize that TP advantage. Obviously, did specifically save it there when he could have just I mean, there wasn't a need to TP down when the waves coming in, but we'll see if he uh finds an angle for it. Obviously, Yoro, we've said many times before, not really inclined. Oh. Oh, Kane is going all out and Doran is getting all out of there. Uh, would be the response. Kane gets an extra six gold for his trouble as he takes down the ghouies actually. Yeah, getting the XP advantage from those extra minions and the wave being in a bad state as well means he's holding the freeze as well. This is uh CS that global. That was pretty That was pretty good morning missed uh to say the least. He did not miss that morning. No, he did not. Successful. Uh Owner is going to come on over just to allow Doran to push this one up. But Canyon in position as well being a trick tricky little warrior as he makes his way out. bear comes down. The the arcane storm is also going to be there. Gravity well also helping out as Yeah, the pesky bear something that Faker now has to deal with. See whether he does get the extra 50 gold from it though as Troy is going to possibly call Tibers back. Yeah, did pull him under the tower for a tower head there. I think it's most annoying when he's up in your face and Chobi is trading with you. Yeah, exactly. Having to deal with both at the same time is the important part as Choby is going to get licked momentarily. Death ray comes on through and owner is coming in. Yep, no flash available for Choby. So, he's just going to get impaled to death. And that is first blood going over to the Scarnner as well. A huge deal here for T1. Fact that they're very tanky jungler is off to a good start. You know, it's something I didn't really think about, but Tomkench and Scarnner as a duo just have this insane ability to just get over terrain and find these gank paths. Saw there carrier finding the angle out of vision to just slide in here and get the tongue lash. And then on the other side, Owner coming over the wall. Just feels like great angles of attack here that left Chobi nowhere to go. And that flash that was burnt earlier by owner obviously uh paying dividends there. Yep. The return gank value going to come on through here for T1 and one of the better early games that they've had so far in this series. Yeah, they have a lead so that's already doing better. Yeah, there's a knock up onto Carrier, but he's just diving his way out. Yeah, I mean that's the thing. You burn flash on Annie and that alone is good just denying the flash, but it's it's good to see them actually capitalizing capitalizing and going to gank. Um now though, Genji starting up on the grubs and Yinar is in the bot side. Ke did teleport now though, so it would be a 4v4 in the top side. There is a curtain call available for ruler. So T1 respecting for now. Carrier possibly on an angle in only level five here for the Tom Kench as Duro. Also the Canyon will be able to W over then Duro with the follow. So two come through for Geng and the last one was secured there by Owner as well. So defeat of strength uh is going to go over to Gen as Gumishi doing a fair bit of damage. Good circle value there as well. Yep. Holding up pretty okay in the match up. And I don't even know whether it was good circle value, but I needed to say circle. Yeah, that was the main thing there. If you were looking at it, you were like, well, it didn't matter that much value. I know who you are. I know, but I was just making sure I explained it for everyone else. That's That's fair. That's fair. I understand that. Cuz maybe they were like, "Oh, no. I just really don't think that Arc of Judgment really did much." Um, if that was you, I mean, that's what the Slur is is otherwise known as. That's a wordy cousin as far as titles are concerned. Oh, the he tippers stunned him so he didn't get the cannon. Oh my goodness, Choby. That is how he has these CSD numbers. as Duro is just going to dash away from carrier here. Haven't really seen the combo put into full effect just yet. I imagine we may have a fight around the dragon though as the first one is going to be this hex tech drake. Yeah, up and available now. You see resets coming in for T1 for their top and AD carry. Chi has also been very good at denying Tibbers gold. Yeah. Haven't you noticed that a lot of Tibbers just get sacrificed? Yeah. And it is a lot of gold when you think about it. Yeah. It's as much as an Nexus. We say it all the time. That's massive. Most important gold in the game. It's also the same as a Daisy or a maiden, which is also here. So, we'll see who gives the most gold as Ruler is going to get exhausted. Carrier finds the gobble as the stun comes in, but I don't think Ruler is getting out of this one. Nice barrier, though, and he survives. And now the curtains have been called. The last bullet gets the flash. And by last, I mean first. And now Carrier, he's the one in bullet hell, but is going to survive momentarily. Oh, the deadly flourish coming on through there as Duro does make his way in. Man, Ruler is locked in today. I thought looked like a favorable play for T1. You think they finally found something? They're going to get Goomba fed. Ruler baits with the barrier, outplays, and ends up forcing three sums to his two. Yeah. And oh, Keen going to be able to take the first nexus worth objective on the map. Um, equivalent to two dragons, uh, you could say as Genji, speaking of dragons, going to start off this one. Currently sitting on a 300 gold lead. Doesn't mean a whole lot at this stage of the game. And not even going to commit to it as Owner is so tanky. First item complete. Yeah, Kanye doesn't have a first item completed yet. Oh, Ruler also doesn't have his ulti, so they're down a few buttons on the side of Geng. Chroy as well. His health bar relatively low as going to connect gets in there with the quickness finds quite a few. And down goes the Tom Ken to start us off. Flash out from Ona trying to keep himself alive as he's going to have to drive his way out of this one, but he will not be allowed to. Ruler delivered that kill. Kumi going down on the side and Cheni just wiped them out and then stopped back on the dragon. And I think T1 opting into a fight that wasn't really necessary here. Oh dear. Oh no, the Keen Sante situation is happening once again as the flash in and Keen drags him under his own turret. Uh yeah, I think that's where Doran wants to be. I was going to say that was that was where he was heading. So um maybe on the angle he's not flying. Oh, Doran was hitchhiking. Ah yes. Yeah, he held his thumb up. That's what really caught Keen off guard. Ghoully wall maybe a little off there, but you know T1 opt into this and you don't have the ult on Yara. I don't even believe they have the Arcane Storm either. And Geng they're fine to take this. Their team fight is so good. Especially at this point of the game where Guma's not online, Faker is not online. He really didn't need to take this fight. And I think you're just giving Jenji a window into the game again. I think T1 can just let the carry scale up. Instead, the dragon's given over to Genji regardless, but now they have that 2,000 gold lead that it feels like it's been a constant off this series. Hey, but they don't have a 2,000 gold lead individually for Ruler. Yeah, but not too far away. They're getting there, but it's not quite there yet. And so that is important. That was the thing that we, you know, were starting to define the series of. Yeah. Uh so it's not necessarily end of the world but uh it is not good news for T1 and only one more objective and Genji will lock down those feats of strength. It is only one kill that T1 have picked up as far as that race is concerned and they've already lost that one. So they're going to need first turret and the next three objectives if they do want to be able to upgrade their shoes. It's probably the last thing on their minds right now. Stability is what they're going to require here. just finding a way to slow down the game more than anything. And at least, you know, Darren's doing pretty well in the side lane. Was able to pick up some plates there. I say as I see him getting tippers. Oh no, he's Yeah, he's not doing so good anymore. Yeah, there's a possible PvE like a Pokmon battle that could happen here between the Maiden and Tibbers. Who wins out of the maiden versus Tibers? Um, could we get Doran and Chroy to agree to let them just duke it out as they're both level 10? I mean, it's it's even right now, right? Sort of ish. Yeah, kind of one item. Some shoes there as tippers would benefit from that one, but that's okay. I don't specifically know the answer to the question, honestly. Yeah, I don't know either. Never thought about it. Maybe we should. We need to hop into the practice tool and figuring it out. The big questions, you know? I think Daisy would probably be Oh, Daisy's obviously completely OP. Really, she's the winner. She gets a three hit passive. We all know the best things in the game have three three hit passives. Oh, okay. You know, I was The thing is I think the problem with the maiden is the drain she gets. I think she would only she only does it to champions. She needs Jar to be hitting them. I'm pretty sure. Oh, that's a shame. So, I'd say that maybe that gives Tibis the edge. Maybe cuz Tibis is happy to hit anything. Yeah. Keen also not really wanting to hit Faker um because it's not exactly the greatest of matchups. Faker holding him at bay as Keen is able to at least mitigate some of the CC before getting the heck out of there. But the Casante has a bit of like CS in the lead. There is a slight gold advantage for Doran who I believe has taken a couple of plates in his time, but Genji are pushing this advantage. Slur not even going to be enough to help here. I'm so glad I got another opportunity to say it. If you could just press it again, Gumishi, on your way out, that would be great. Never mind pressing it. You know, he's been getting it in. He is okay. It's It's a little over a level. You know, he's about to hit level 9, but he's down in XP, down in gold. It's kind of been the theme of the game, but at least he's on the hyper carry this time. The last game they were both on hyper carries, but this time he is on the hyper carry, so it's it's a weather the storm angle. It's the hope prey. Okay, that was a nice dodge. Yeah, somehow managing to share some pixels with the turret there. Very nicely done. Ke back down here. does have his Iceorn gauntlet completed and Genji feeling pretty relaxed at this stage of the game. Yeah, Herold's up now which could be future of strength Genji. So, I imagine they'll be moving over towards it. T1 currently have Faker just matching against Keen. What's the Soul? Is it a Kent again? T1 are hoping it is. Yeah, I could imagine. Yeah, they're actually So, they're tping Faker in. Are they going to TP Darren in or just let this go? I think the call is just let it go. Yeah, Faker actually TPing to the top lane to uh grab the minions that were there. I think the turret may have actually just straight up died to minions if you hadn't have done so. Ser comes out doesn't find ruler. That's feats of strength. That's also the herald which you can use to try and get that first tower. The triple feats of strength. It stops count unfortunately. It feels bit dissatisfying to I know. Shouldn't you Shouldn't you count it up for each of the things no matter what? That's what I kind of thought. Just really show it, demonstrate it, cuz I like seeing it all filled in that we never get to see it all filled in. But I think T1 making the right decisions just to slow the pace down. Yeah. And there it is. It's going to be filled in by T1 if it was still available to be filled in, but it wasn't as carrier going to flash away thinking that there was a scary monkey looming. And there indeed was. And this gold lead, it's not the same as it was in either of our first two games for Geng, but remember T1 won one of those games. So, it's not like we're going to be signing any uh not right in eulogies yet, you know, but it is getting close as Genji on the dragon. Chi just going to leave as there was a bit of a surprise waiting for him on the top side. Wanders back to this lane now as let's see whether this dive is going to work out. Chi's going to get that uh unfortunate news that there is a scanner in the area but Duro's made his way over does interrupt owner as well as he does drive on through but the tower is going to fall. T1 grabbing two actually already. I think they can be pretty happy with that. You know they're going to TP Yur in here as well. Yeah. Now, Canyon going to have to be a bit tricky here to get himself out of the way, but they're not even able to lock down this mid outer turret. This is pretty fantastic, right? You take two towers, you defend your mid tier one. Carrier tanks the ignite with the gray health. There you go. Everything's going good. Um, all things considered, the early deficit being kind of saved up a little bit. Now, that mid tier one is low and it looks like this top tower, tower, sorry, is going to die. The top tower is also kind of a a breath away from from from dead. like a stiff breeze would be able to take it down. So, but I think the position the game was in, we could have definitely seen a scenario where you just take all three out of towers and T1 get nothing. So, at least the positive I'm saying is T1 got some answers back. Um, it's not all doom and gloom. It's a bit of doom and gloom though. It's a bit It's not all. No. And Genji still have a Jin composition. And if there's anyone that knows that Jyn's can be disappointing, it's me. I've based a lot of my career on it. Yeah, very much a ginanti. Indeed. Uh Jyn's also been for me disappointing in the other direction as well. I remember Faker Mr. Cannon. Oh god. You know what? Let's just not talk about it. It was actually my point was going to be about T1 as well. I believe it was when Jackie Love was playing Jyn and I was I I tweeted about it. I'm like, "Oh, look at this. Jyn's doing nothing." and then he got a quadrakill in the topside jungle and they lost. So, it's your fault. It was my fault. Um I apologized immediately afterwards and stopped tweeting for the rest of the world here. Um which did work out in our favor. Okay, I might add as Ruler going to get circled up. That keeps him in the goalie wall and forces the flash as they manage to take the entire outer ring of turrets against the flow of play here in this game. you know, Gen have, you know, Annie, Ra, and Wukong, but they don't have slurl into ghouly wall. Exactly. Which is a very threatening engage combo as we just saw. Um, able to catch that ruler there, get his flash. And if you're looking towards that dragon, uh, in 2 and 1/2 minutes or even potentially the Adakan, not having flash is something. That is something. There's another thing that is just completely wrong that's being posted in our prompter. It says Yoro's wall is a slurp. Scanner's W is a slurp. Faker's alt is a slurle. Yinara's orb is a slurp. That one's true. And Carrier's W dive is a slurp. Let me let you know. Okay, the dive is a sler. Okay. And Faker, his ultimate is just a circle. Doesn't actually do any slowing. Um Keen is a raid boss and he's going to go all out. Brings in the Euro. And where did he go? He might be inside a circle right now, but that's in the death chamber. We cannot see it as Troy finding a nice double stun here as well as Ona looks to come through, but he's delivered by the Kazante. And down goes the scone. Oh god, it is a bloodbath as Geni just mow them down. The Articon going to be taken as well as Faker the last man standing and there is nothing that he can do. He can throw out a a a stungle. You're struggling there a little bit. Yeah, I was I was attempting as 4,000 assists here for Chovi and he's looking to augment that with his 500th win as well. Third in the LCK just behind BDD and Faker who have been here forever. This was des I mean Keen set this up completely. Finds an angle onto Doran here. Beautiful positioning to get him next to the wall. slides him next to Alakan. He's just so beyond dead. And then bonus points because Ona tries to look for Chovy here and Keen ends up catching him when he goes in. Oh man. Flips him over. He just gets taken out as well. And Canyon is like delivered as a Beyblade to his enemy to his to his enemy team. Yeah. And then Dur comes in with the alt to clean up. I mean, just some excellent play right now from Gen G. And oh, Doran. Oh dear. Uh Doran's health bar looked large but Chovi mate makes it much smaller as another Q will do it and down he will go. Wants to invest a flash there as well. Felt like Chovy deserved it and maybe that's true as now they will move to a 5.5k gold advantage. They have Arakan. They have feats of strength. They have all of they don't have an outer ring of turrets. That's that's all they're really missing here as Ruler fires off the fourth shot. Runs his way and he is going to be more than fine. T1 really circling the drain in this game. Yeah. Um, so let's go back to it. So there was the slup, there was the stunkle, which was difficult for me to say. I got stumped on that one. That sounds like an uncle to say. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's the then there's the the slurle. The classic. Yeah. And Doran has the workle. The workle cuz it's a wall wall circle. Oh, okay. So it's the workle. The workle. Yeah. So that's that's all. I think I prefer ghouly wall. I mean, Ghoulie wall is way better, but technically if you were going to do it like a slurle, it would be a workle. Yeah. Okay. Maybe it could be a ghoully workle. We could call it that if you'd like to. Um because, you know, if you think about it, cataclysm is also a workle. So, it's it's not clear. Maybe you do need to add the ghouy clarification. Are there any other circles in the game? There's loads of them. Lots of circles do slows. Yeah, I'm trying to think of one specifically. Um, Nivea's glacial storm. Oh, nice one, too. He's indeed a Yeah, that's a big circle. If Faker builds a ri then the Arcane Storm becomes a Oh, it becomes a circle. So, you can change You can build slurles in this game. Wow. It's beautiful. It's like Minecraft. But his W does slow as well as stunning. Is it like the Oh, that's true. It's a slurple into a stunkle, isn't it? But do you prioritize the harder CC or do you just say it's it's Yeah. Do you base it on its potential? Why are you asking? No, I'm I'm just I'm asking the rhetorical question because it is technically both the expert on the subject. I am asking you. It's shroing a slurpal. No, I am specific. Can it be both? No, I'm asking you. You are the the authority. Oh, wait. Maybe it's a stun turkle. A stun turtle. Okay, we are really pushing them into stupid things that I'm broadcast. I don't even think that that makes sense at all. That's very fun to see. That doesn't make sense. that I mean this is the whole point is fun. This is where you're drawing the line. Yeah, I am. This is where you've said tempo vibes made sense completely. Circle. Yeah, that's cool. I'm so sorry. You've really caught the brunt of all of them. Stun turtle is why you're like, "All right, I think I've got This is a bit too silly." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, at least you've established that now. Thank you. If you if you've watched Monty Pythons and now for something completely different, you'll know that there is a line for this is too silly. Okay. Well, we they're in a similar position, I think. Yeah. As it's now a 6,000 gold lead. The reason why we're talking about stunt turles and things like that is because T1 are doing their very best to find vision around this map. But Genji have so much extra control. And 2 and 1/2 minutes is likely when we're going to see the next fight. And if T1 can perform a miracle there, then maybe there's a way back in as Doran once again finding some bad guys. but now has Owner with him. Warrior Trixie does bring Canyon over as that is going to be the red buff secured. There's the impale as well, but Choby will turn up. Owner having to flash away. The curtains have been called. Owner is able to Oh, never mind. The last shot going to come through and no one can escape this Gen today as Duro able to just dash his way out of there. Genji find a couple of picks. This could break open even more of the base. Just feels like there's no real recourse from T1. They're kind of just trying to get people out, run away, disengage from the situ. Oh no. Oh dear. Yeah, he's going to get closed in on his health bar disappears in the blink of an eye as the flash forward from Keen looking for an angle. Still wanting to find more even though there is and a turret there. But Kuishi just not really doing the damage. And the goalie wall comes down looking a little bit sad there as well. Would have liked the cat skin just for the ghouly wall to add a little bit of happiness. Remember when we had hope that this was going to be a three gamer? Yeah. Well, I mean it is a three gamer. No, sorry. That this was going to be a close three gamer. Yeah. Yeah. Right. It is a three gamer. Remember when we thought this was going to be like a tooth and nail three gamer and it's just been two stomps? Well, I have teeth and nails. Okay. So, technically it still is. Yeah. I guess Wukong does. A lot of these champions have teeth and nails. Yeah, it's a general thing with with uh creatures. Yeah, just in general. Although I haven't quite inspected all of the models as yeah just didn't quite work out there as I believe was Carrier actually trying to flash to block the shot. I think he was trying to eat owner. Uh yeah didn't quite Oh. Yeah. Where did he go? Well, you know how they taking he's taking a nap like Do you remember when Genji banned Ball? They managed to kill Ball. Oh, Tipp is just going to Is Tipp going to kill him? Oh, I want to know. Well, we're not going to see it as Doran in a rough spot. Just keep running, Doran. Well, that is Canyon getting slowed down there. So, not going to be able to quite close in on the Yo. There's no Kugs there. I think Canyon might have killed them. How dare he? Oh my. No wonder Doran was fighting him, but he did have to flash away. Canyon still has his flash available as owner now going to get slowed down and catching Duro was never going to be an easy one. Okay, we're flanking. Yeah, Duran Roller possibly in trouble. Let's see how the ghouie wall is going to connect as the morning mist is going to miss. So morning mist it missed. Yeah, also ghouly wall not very effective against opponent. Oh that's that 50 gold that we were talking about as well as duro that's a little bit frightening as they do avoid the knockup but oh even the battle dance battle dash gets him out. Oh Duro that is unfair. They deserve that one. Well I think justice for supports maybe actually uh carrying some weight here in this game. I think it's a pretty good day for it. Yeah. Um Oh, okay. That's how that happened. Yes. The outplay button. Yeah. And then Faker noticed that there weren't very many buttons left available for Chroy. And then what happened with the Okay. Yeah. Uh Tibers. Okay. We're going to cut the video. We'll never know. Maybe the space. No, don't give us that replay. I don't think you want that one. and Canyon just going to solo this last remaining elemental dragon and lock down the infernal soul. I think after seeing that clip of Chovi one-shot Goomba um I think I really was just asking myself what did Genji need more I think. Um I think well they were lacking that. Uh so they now have more boost. By the way, Roulette is more than two levels up. Yeah, he's also he's hit 2.5k again. So that's three games in a row. To be fair, at least he's not the only one with 2.5. That is true. Yeah, that is true. Um, and Faker is ahead in farm by about 40 CS over Chroy. Well, talk about stats that are real that don't really mean all that much. Circle slows down Canyon momentarily, but T1, I don't think they're defending this particular inner turret. Still, they want to try by the looks of things. Deadly flourish going to go a little bit wide as the maiden getting amongst it. Gumushi doing his best with that Q. Some more local value, but still the inner turret will fall down. Kane just walks up, pulls in the maiden and finishes off that tower. Baron going to be up again in 2 and 1/2 minutes in this game. But Genji, I mean, they just have so much damage. Chroy with his death cap now done as well as shadow flame malignance. Um even though this Annie is the one with the smallest gold advantage, he is still doing so much damage in this game as Yeah. See there for example, uh Ona was a tank by the way guys and now he is dead. He's going to delete it completely. They're going to kill the maiden now. Oh no, there is just there's no recourses. Now Chroy having to deal with the Arcane Storm. Faker able to take him down asserting his dominance against his opposite number. But still, the result is going to be a dead inhibitor in this mid lane. And I think this is just confirmation that Chroy isn't getting P for this game for the series for his 500th win. Yeah. Um medium when they can't just move for like what are we going to do? It's going to be R. You got to Who did the most who did the most damage? Yeah, I think I think Ruler is probably going to get a few votes. He may even win. And honestly, we can't be too upset about it because he's been running the bottom lane. Oh, he just ulted him and then he did the blast cone into laser combo. Y pretty neat. Fake is still really trying to make this game happen. Absolutely. I feel like it's a hard cell. Um I mean, this is uh as far as uphill battles are concerned, this is going to be a big one. I remember a time where Faker hit an ultimate on four people when they were behind 10,000 gold against a team called EDG and then they won. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that did happen. That that happened. So, they're going to have to channel some of that. I That's all I got. Well, if Genji do all stand together, EDG didn't have soul at the time though or Artakan or Grubs um because they didn't exist. Yeah. I mean, grubs won't really help you that much since No. No. But they It was just another thing that they didn't have. Yeah. Oh, Choby just Did he miss a cannon? He just missed a cannon. Oh my goodness. He's crumbling. Wow. The 400s really were his prime. 500's not really getting there. Who is this player? Yeah, he needs to lose this game so he can stay on the 400s for longer. Wait, no, he won't be. It still is 500 as well. This champion pretty good at CSing. Okay, here's another another attempt. Wow, we're not not even going to watch it. Um, Jonas Strong not interested. Doesn't want to watch any farm. Of course, he'll get this one. He's almost at void staff as well as the maiden going to be split pushing. Nice work so they can get some bounty gold as in goes Dura. Out goes Dura. Canyon. Oh, this flank angle. They do get vision, but it's just a little too late. Still Gushi's able to flash his way out the canyon. Still so healthy. There's the flash forward and Chi says good night to the top lane of T1. The Inaro tried but T1 are now all on the floor. That is going to be the game win from Genji. And it is backto back massacres here in games two and three as Genji really wanting to put an end to this regular season that feels good. And man, they are going to be one heck of a raid boss moving into playoffs. And game one convinced us that, you know, these two teams were going to go pound-for-pound, blow forblow, but Genji win about that life. Two crushing defeats in game two and three. Extremely decisive domination. I feel like Genji wanting to end uh the regular season strong and with a super dominant performance. Chi gets his 500 wins. There it is. Just behind only two others as Peanut and Faker are ahead of him. Really impressive stuff. And I remember when we were talking about Chovi as one of our young players in the LCK. Know how time has flown because of course he has been here for 6 years now. Wow. Creating milestones all over the place. Canyon as well. one of that generation with this. T1 won't be able to make second place. They are in third. It's Geng first, HL second, T1 third. So, they won't make it through the round two of playoffs. Gen doing HL some big favors there. Absolutely are. You know, they didn't do it for HL. Nope. They certainly did not. And also, and it might have honestly been okay for T1 because playing more games, getting that extra ramp up time has helped some of the teams in the past. Especially teams with Doran on them. Yeah. When you get into the domestic playoffs. So I imagine T1 not going to be too worried about it. But you saw on the faces of Geng, especially Chovi there, that game one that they lost, that bothered them. Y and some teams tilt, other ones take revenge. And Genji certainly took revenge in this series. Uh that was definitely uh brutal. I just think they really need to figure out the early mid game because even the game they won, the way in which they won it was so many clutch big plays that were massive from T1. And I do want to give them credit. There were some masterful plays from Doran, from Faker, from Goomba, but it just shows how much effort they had to put in to win that game. Whereas in comparison, Genji's two wins were just blowouts. Yeah. And I felt like T1 had to work so much harder for their win. And I think if you If you're falling behind this hard consistently every game, there's no way you're winning at a best of five. So, definitely a lot that you want to think about as we go towards the playoffs. Uh I think Dura had a pretty fantastic day overall. Um but I think across the board, everyone uh had a pretty fantastic day. I think Chovy Yeah, Troy was just chilling. He had that massive taunt on the Gallo, but I definitely think the pics he was playing were more, you know, Aurora, Annie, uh, Gallo, a lot more about setup, a lot more about uh, and the second half of the the second half of the year, the season honestly. Uh, Trophy has been a lot of facilitators, right? He has been playing a lot of Annie, a lot of Gallo, things like this, allowing for some PS to come in for his teammates. Yeah, I assume your vote was Feduro. We'll see whether he does manage to pick it up because honestly it's between him and Ruler and I do think that his real performance was unbelievably good. I mean I think all three games he was the big reason why they had a major lead. Um I would agree. I think the tangle barbs in game one especially were very very impressive. Has a big grin on Canyon's face having a bit of a resurgence in the next couple of games. His Pantheon and Wukong definitely good. Yeah. I mean I I think just game one the early dive game two he was just everywhere. game was maybe a little bit quieter from him, but uh yeah, I think just a pretty fantastic performance. Chovi was pumping the numbers that for sure did miss that cannon though, so you know. Yeah, I mean certainly some things to VOD review uh moving into the next one, but I wasn't expecting 36k from the Annie in this game, especially when that was the smallest gold advantage that they had. Um he is of course probably the one more likely to do the uh the damage as yeah Ruler is going to pick it up. No justice for supports here today. But Ruler did also get a quadrickill into a pentacill in game number two. Uh went absolutely ballistic in game one in every single game. Had over a 2,000 gold lead against his opposite number and just in all ways kind of just dominated the bottom lane. Yeah, you know um it's just how it is, right? I just think it's crazy that Duro hasn't gotten a PO. Round three to five. Round three to five. All right. Hasn't got one round three to five, which is kind of crazy to me. So, yep. Kind of nuts. I thought this would be the one. Unfortunately, uh, boom boom damage. And the problem is is you're on a team with Keen, Ruler, and Choby. Just easy to vote for. Not to mention Canyon who managed to win our like Pog like a player of the the our MVP award like two years in a row, three years in a row, something like that. I mean, it's just tough competition here for Doro to be able to pick up those. I mean, I I obviously think played fantastically just uh yeah, I think that game two in particular, the real he took over that game. So, he was so good. I imagine that there will be some extra duro votes as well. Unfortunately, we won't see him in the team interview because he's got a bit of a sore throat here today. Um, obviously didn't show in his play very much uh because he was an absolute menace. But the rest of Genji going to be able to have a conversation with us as well, which is his throat was probably a sore because in game two he was shouting I'm ganking so many times. He just wore his throat out. That is true. He did do it for the entirety of the early game and mid game. So, makes sense. But, uh, it'll be nice to hear from both the teams. as well cuz obviously they'll want to bounce back from this for you performances in this match up specifically before is Faker. I think Faker played really well today. Had that clutch moment in game one and I think was the one who struggled the least overall. So, you know, he at least was in good form. I would say like Faker and Doran probably get a pass. Doran mainly just for game one because he was so instrumental. Game two and three probably a bit forgettable there. But uh the bottom lane not necessarily performing the way that we have leared to expect from T1 moving into this series. A lot of that to do with Ruler and Duro having an absolutely insane performance here today. But uh certainly something to go back and check out for uh Goomer and Carrier there towards the bottom side of the map because they have been lynch pins here for T1. Yeah. Uh and I think I'm I'm sure they'll bounce back. We know these players are going to bounce back, but it's just Yeah. Yeah, when the tournament becomes uh playoffs, generally that's when T1 just becomes way better. Uh it's kind of how that one goes. World's on the line. That is going to be what they're going to be focused on. And uh we are going to have these uh the interviews prepared pretty dang soon as well. So you got to get a comment in the same or I'm on camera and then you'll do the thing. Yeah. So I think we have to Well, we can go to the let's go to the interview first while you can do it. Okay. Yeah. [Music] Thank you very much guys. This is dear for the team interview for both sides that just played their season finale. And we will start with Jen G. Aside from Duro, who isn't feeling well, please welcome Keem, Canyon, Toby, and Ruler. Congratulations. [Music] First, let's talk to Keen. The attitude of the reigning number one. You are coming out of the final match of the regular season. How does it feel to defeat T1? know that was our last match of the regular season and I really wanted to finish off with a banger and I'm just really glad that we're able to get that victory and in game one and in game two despite the heavy pressure earlier on your Gwen still shredded the game so how did you feel playing out you know yeah I did feel like they're focusing me down honestly ly, but if I look back to the entire match, it did feel pretty comfortable overall. And even in game three, your Kissante was on point. And you have so many competitive top laners to face in the future. So, what message do you have for them? I don't really have much to say, but I hope that we have an enjoyable match. That was keen, everyone. And next we have Canyon. With the playoffs coming up, this match was your checkpoint to test your form. So, what did you focus on since this was the last match before the playoffs? I just really wanted to focus on, you know, keeping our form up. And with Pantheon being open in game two, you were able to secure the win. And your Pantheon actually has a four- win one loss record. So this must mean that no one should dare leave Pantheon open for you, right? Yeah. Lately, Pantheon's been being released. And I feel like Pantheon actually is very uh playable and actually pretty viable when it comes to having to counter him as well. So I think that's probably why. But I do believe that I am pretty confident with Pantheon. And in game three, you left Yunara open and took Wukong and Anthony, and it worked well. So, who pitched the idea? I think we just wanted to leave Yara open and we were ready to just take other OP picks. So, I think we were just all really aware of how to proceed with the draft. And there's about two weeks left until the playoffs. So, how will you prepare? As far as I am aware, there will be another patch for the playoffs. And I think we'll just have to go over our tier list again and make sure that we have it all ready and prepared by then. And next up, we have Chovi. Chovi, 29 wins, one loss, 48 points. With such a dominating regular season record, you were actually the top player of the match as well. How does it feel? This was our last match and this was actually a really crucial point where we can check our form and I'm really happy that we had a pretty good performance and I'm even happier that we were able to finish off with a victory and with Jen G's victory life esports clinched second place and yesterday the light actually sent some support for you guys. So did you hear Uh, I just found out about that. But I guess thanks for your energy. Thanks for your support. We were able to win today. And you have another milestone in the book. You are the second mid laner in the LCK to reach 500 wins. How? Congratulations. What a happy day. Of course. How does it feel? you know, I got 500 wins and it feels like Yeah, I got a lot of wins and I want to make sure to keep on winning to reach 600 and 700 wins. So, how are you just able to keep performing so well if you can give us two secrets? Well, I think I just really focus on what I have to do to fulfill my own duty. And I think just trying to minimize my mistakes actually does show off and reflect a better performance. And I think just always having a goal in my practice actually also helps a lot. And Jenji will be waiting for everyone else at the peak of playoffs and you guys will have the power to pick your opponent. So which team will you pick? I don't know who will make it to the playoffs, but I believe that it is right for my team captain and the head coach to pick. So, I will just leave it up to them. And what mindset do you have for the playoffs? I believe the playoffs is the most crucial and this is only the beginning. So, we'll make sure that we are well prepared. And next up, we have ruler in the LCK. After your return to Jan Gi, you finished 29 wins and one loss. How do you look back? I'm very satisfied actually in every game today. It really all came down to your champion to ski to scale. So, how did you feel especially about game one actually? So, after the loss in game one, I think I was able to bounce back and I made it up. So, I'm just really happy honestly right now and in game two. You got your eighth LCK pentacill. And of course, we have this replay ready. Classic Siri, you say it's so sharp. Honestly, I was just so fed at this point. I feel like autoing them a few times, they would just die. it just rolled over. So, I don't think there was anything special or flashy here. I think my teammates just really supported me well. You know, yeah, I mean, I deserve a lot of pentacles, but of course, my teammates, I mean, these tricksters, they've been stealing my pentacles. And with today's match, you're on the board as the player with the most pentacles. So, congratulations. Are you going to keep greeting for pentacles then? Of course. I'm going to always stay thirsty for pentacles and I hope that my teammates are cooperative. Do you agree with him? You know, now that we didn't steal the pentacills, it feels like he is just so ungrateful. [Music] Well, what approach will you take for the playoffs? I feel like we'll just stay on track with wherever we we are headed towards. I think we'll just focus on, you know, the macro play and the team fighting. And I think that's just a it it won't really change much. It'll stay the same. And as the team captain, ruler, please send a message over to your fans. No. Duro actually not there are many fans who are who must be watching us from home and given that today is Saturday I hope you have a happy weekend and thanks to you guys we had a very happy Saturday showdown and that's the end of the end of season team interview with Jenji and in just a moment we will have a team interview with T1. [Music] Due to some technical difficulties, we won't be able to show T1's logo on the screen. [Music] And T1 has finished third place in the legend group. Now we will have the team interview for T1 who just reached the end of regular season. Please welcome Doran, owner Faker Gumayoshi and Keria. [Music] Doran, you are coming out of the last match of the regular season. How do you look back? You know the season has been so long since the change of the system but you know uh there's a lot left to be desired and I think we could have done a lot better but I'm happy that it has come to an end and after joining T1 you have shown that you're blending well pretty well in with the team. What did you communicate with the team the most? I feel like we just happened to get along really well in the team. I think communicating was not the biggest issue. I'm actually doing really well communicating with the team and staying on the same page as them. and I feel like based on all the data we're able to collect with all the experience that we got throughout the the season, I think we were able to grow as a team. And owner, you finished third place in the legend group and we saw how fired up T1 was. So, how would you rate this regular season? feel like we had a good opportunity to reach second place, but with the playoffs remaining, I hope that we can bounce back with a refined form and there are some some things to celebrate and some regret. What would you like to improve once we make it to the playoffs? You know, there are matches that will really all come down to all the fundamentals and the basics. And I believe that once we have a solid fundamental, then we would be able to clean up our performance. And what are you looking forward to in the playoffs? You know, when it comes to our team, I believe that we have a ceiling that we can reach and we can always do better. I'm really looking forward to how well we will play. Next up, Faker ahead of the playoffs. You just played against Jen G. So, what did you try to focus on today? No, it's right before the playoffs. So, I personally wanted to really focus on our own performance rather than the result itself. So, that's what I really try to focus on. So, what approach will you take in preparation of the playoffs? For the playoffs, I think we'll try our best to show everyone what we have been practicing and what we have been preparing. I think that's just will be the reflection of everything that we have been preparing so far. have played alongside the entire season. Do you have any message for them? You know, it was a rough season with a packed schedule and I feel like everyone did. Everyone worked so hard and they are still working very hard and I want to tell them thank you. [Music] And next up we have Kumayushi. It was the last LCK match. How does it feel to finish the regular season? You know, it was such a lengthy yet such a season that just felt like a zap. So, it just feels it just leaves a lot a lot to be desired to be honest. And what do you expect from the playoffs, you know, given that it's best of fives? I'm expecting a lot of diverse picks to come out and, you know, because you can rise back from the lower bracket. I feel like there's going to be a lot of fun. [Music] And any message over to your fans? First of all, thank you so much for your unconditional support and I feel like today we showed you such a regretful loss, but T1 has always showed a strong side in the playoffs. So, I want to make sure that we are able to bounce back and carry up in this regular season. You reached 800 PM points. How do you look back at the season? As for this this regular season, we had some home grounds and we made so many nice memories with the fans and I really wanted our last match before the playoffs to be a good one, but you know, it feels like a bummer. And you have two weeks left, so how will you prepare, you know? with it becoming a best of five. I think we will actually have to prepare for a lot of different picks and it will it would it it's going to look very different. So I want to make sure that we are prepared you know today felt like a regret. It feels like a shame. So I want to make sure that we come back stronger so that we have so much more to show to our fans. And back to Faker, what message do you have your for your fans? In rounds three to five, I feel like we had improved our performance as compared to rounds one and two and for the playoffs. You know, we'll definitely prepare well in preparation for the playoffs. So, please look forward to our performance. And that's the end of the season finale team interview with T1 and back to the space. Thank you. Thank you so much as always, dear, for that awesome and very long translation. Must have been difficult, but you nailed it as uh that was that was the end of hearing from everybody on the side except Duro unfortunately. I hope he is feeling a little bit better and not too sick uh after that win that Genji were able to take over T1 tonight. Did not show on the rift in Doro's case. He was incredible. Today is Come on, guys. Robbed or not. We as a broadcast need to do better. I mean, you got to vote for boom boom damage, you know. Yeah, we did. I'm You know what? Out of everyone, I'm the most. You're a support player. Well, you're a support player. Okay. I know Dior played so good, but especially when uh for the game three when I saw Ruler surviving that one v2 on the bot lane, I got to vote for Ruler, you know, not just because of the damage, but also his knowledge about the game is just so good. I would have voted for Ruler, but I don't have a vote anymore. That's what Atlas would say. That's also what I just said right now, and I I do stand by it. But let's take a look at some of the comments uh that we did have here about the POM. Always fun to check in with the guys and see what they were thinking uh about their votes here as we should have that in just a moment. Yeah, I uh I I can't wait what the Korean side has come up with. I feel like as we have gotten deep into the season uh things will have gotten more unhinged, but they will keep denying him his crown. But do not give up, Duro. We see what you're doing. We appreciate you. Uh and uh and it doesn't matter that your palms are getting stolen just like uh rules pantas up at this point one day you get it. Well I mean uh I mean Duro have ruler in his bot lane you know like ruler is one of the carry and I and let's say like if ruler were in a gacha game I would actually go bankrupt like no joke you know rolling for him. How much money are you willing to spend? Ah, numbers with it. So, at least I would definitely uh go for like at least $2k. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, that's a gotcha gamer. That's like middle of the pack gamer. Yeah, decent. It's not crazy. It's not that much. It's even within our team, there are there are several individuals that would would scoff for that amount. I don't think you would go bankrupt with just the 2K. But, uh yeah, I I can't believe you didn't get a single POM in Legend group. It's an injustice. You've been extraordinary. Um, it's just the way it goes sometimes, you know, boom boom damage or other players playing flashy picks and stuff like that. Duro has been flashy, but uh just not flashy enough, I guess, to win the hearts of media and the the stream votes. Um, let's take a look at some of the other votes here. Hello, Ruler. You want to say I saw you return but foolishly only just found the cords from the moment you left for the LPL. I've been waiting for the day you will come back. Read more. There's more. Okay, let's let's let's think there's more. We end up calling back. No, no. I've se No, I've seen this. I've seen this before. Can we press the button? Yeah. Can we a pony? All right. Well, there was going to be more. We kind of get the idea of what he was going for. Ruler, by any chance, may I play as your support? Like, he's keep asking for the players if he can actually play with him. Man, he lost a solo queue. Must have been really rough recent. Yeah, I I mean I heard Helios is trying with the cloud temp. Is Is he disrespecting Duro? Is that what he's doing here? Is that why he's not voting for it? He should play with you play with the support, right? Yeah. So he can learn and step up and qualify as run of support like Duro has done. That makes sense. Yeah. So good. I think Cloud Templar is tilted. There there are there are inside of everyone there are two Cloud Templars. one really puts in a lot of effort and the other one is like ah it's fine. No, he's he's just like so tilted because of Helios because Helios is the the dual partner for Cloud Templar, but he said he wants to deal with Ruler and this is like so personal. This player is literally aging in reverse. You know, Ruler has been around for a very long time in League of Legends. It's not actually like not like fake levels forever. N 9 years for what is in League of Legends I think without a shadow of a doubt the most mechanically demanding role. Like it's it's actually insane, right? Just kind of keeps getting better. At least this year, you know, like at the start of the year he was he was good, but he wasn't like, "Okay, this guy's taking over the rift." Now he really is. So, it does feel like he is aging in reverse uh this year in particular. Uh let's take a look at the draft as well from this game number three cuz you guys did want to go over this a little bit and talk about uh what happened this time around. So yeah, POM is all about the bot lane and we all know that I think Genji Bside played so much better than the T1's today. But the thing is I want to talk about this Yunara pick especially because maybe you can blame on Gumayushi cuz you picked first on the Yunara so he got to like carry on Yunar pick but what can he do with these picks in the team like you have Victor Scana Yor and Tom Kench with Yunara. Yeah, two things can be true at the same time. The bot lang got gap today. But I also think that this is really the reason why we see T1 struggle so much when outside of I think like things like Aalios are a little different when it comes to hyper carries Jinx is another where they have shown that they can play towards it. But you have to pick Yunara there cuz Geng plays around it obviously insanely well cuz come on protect the R comp. They've done that for like so that's the point you know if you pers Yara you have to draft around it to actually like able to carry with Yinara but they didn't so that was the failure I would say the Yoro Victor uh Scarnner topside did not give us a lot of hope we don't blame for that one at all um you know at the same time Genji's bot lane did play excellently so it's it's just really difficult to to match that level as let's take a look at the standings now in the legend group as of course with this loss T1 will be locked in third place and Genji of course will finish off the season with 29-1. The one team they lost to is the uh the one they just beat today and my favorite part none of this would have been possible without KT Rollster because of that loss didn't happen. T1 would have taken and I think in the minds of many of us still now T1 actually ahead of Hanwad. They literally beat them right very recently. uh have the hat, the extremely winning hats throughout this split, but Geng is just uh yeah, they're pretty good. And you know who else is good is DK and they're ready for the next match. Uh I don't I don't I mean I mean they are, but like let's let's not let's not get excited ahead of time, okay? Let's let's let's just see what happens. Lay back. So they're up DNF. I know 10th place. I think DK have got this one in the bag. You thought Saturday's showdown was exciting? Just wait until DNFT DK. We'll see you for the Rise Group after the break. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] It doesn't kill Make me stronger. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heavy is the crown. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! That's nice. for ohchech. Imagine peanutch. It's good. [Music] [Music] skin and Foreignech. [Music] Assemble. [Music] [Music] [Music] Baby, [Music] baby. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Starting with a whisper. I know I find it hard to lose counting down hours, but I'll take way this time and night. I've been there before a million times. Cutting between the truth and the lies. Can't hold me down for a minute and [Music] doesn't kill me. Make me stronger. [Music] [Music] [Applause] makes me stronger. Makes me stronger. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] hiding. [Applause] [Music] Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen, to LCK 2025. And you may have thought that the best part was over, but may I remind you that the rise group is only just beginning. And that means that the best part is yet to come as DNF and DK face off to complete their own best of three of best of threes. It's nice we got a little warm up, you know, uh little dip our toes in the water, uh just to get us just a little starter before the main meal. It's so nice when the entree is also delicious, but the main course is always waiting and the main course is always the rise group. Let's have a look at the standings here. See what our teams are playing for. Nothing. That only makes it better. Orcs. Oh my. You know what? You know what I think makes it better? It's not just the fact they're playing just teams playing for nothing, but specifically a team who has suffered. a team who has faced long streaks of losses. Those are the teams who when there's nothing on the line, they're unleashed. We've seen it before with Bro when they took down Gen. Uh not quite as big a disparity between teams today, but I think DNF, they've been charging up and we've seen them have some decent performances. They were only on a one loss streak. Exactly. Tiny in comparison to some of the loss streaks they've had. They were on 19 in a row before. that has been cut in less than half by like a a lot a lot less than half as yeah battle of first versus fifth as far as the rise group is concerned and this is looking a little bit more daunting uh for DNF as well because these guys have looked a whole lot better. Lucid on your screen being a perfect example. The general whoed the sky is one of our greatest points of the match titles that we've ever had. It's so good. My split-second decisions feel sharper. The decision to buy Sundered Sky. I spoke to Boris and he just said, "It is time, my son." Yeah. Do I recall now? Yeah, I'm going to recall now. Have I got enough gold? I've got enough gold. I'm recalling. That was a great decision. Split second. Pat himself on the back. Oh, yeah. And he had it for that dragon fight. And then he killed all of them whilst remaining very healthy. I mean, we said it at the time, but that game on Z, the 48k damage game was ungodly and really just reminded us how broken this item is in the right hands cuz you got to remember a lot of junglers been using Sun Sky, a lot of them being utilizing them. Um, but really when it's unleashed and Lucid did show what it can do when it's unleashed. Yeah. And I told a lie actually for some reason in my brain thought that uh DNF have beaten DK. They they haven't they haven't won a game so far in these uh these three rounds, but we could make it a delayed best of three of best of threes if DNF win. It would still be a 2-1 for DK. However, you know, like what you do still counts kind of is you just say Yeah. after you're losing massively. Yeah. And you're really far behind. This is a great strategy. Okay, next one. Winner takes all. Oh, perfect. I just I feel like teams should do that more often in the LCK. They really should. Final match of the regular season, DNF against Genji, you know, like Well, I guess you can't do that in the current format, but you could have just like just say win it takes all and then the counter play. None. I you'd have to say yes. And then why don't we just let every team do that? Once the series is over, any team gets the opportunity to say, "No, win. Win it takes all." Win it takes all. Yeah. Oh my. That would make the days potentially a lot longer. Which I think would mean that we'd get an eight game banger perhaps. On some days. Oh, that would be Imagine just have the standings in front of you, right? Yeah. And you have Gen with their 29 to1 series win score and then DNF say winner takes all and they win and you just have to slide them all the way up. Oh my god. I see no problems with this. No, I see no like no competitive integrity issues whatsoever because winner takes all means winner takes all. Let's see whether the tricks can do it. No back. No, no, no. No takebacks. Take back. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. That is not how we do it here. Not in this LCK where you can do winner takes all to take the entire score line of your opponent. Oh my goodness. You'd never want to do it against DNF. You don't want to inherit. It would give so much power to the teams. It's like DK is like winner takes all. Give me those losses, baby. Pro would just absorb the losses, get to the bottom, and then just be ready. Yeah. Pro just wants a bigger number. They just they don't just say winner takes all on everything. just like increase the numbers. That is how the average bro fan utilizes our gamber in the chat. The only the best way to to to like be a bro fan is just to want more. Yeah. More losses, more wins, it doesn't matter. More bro is all you want. And the DM Freaks, they just want to play more League of Legends here because unfortunately they are not going to make it to the playins. DK well and truly qualified, but we saw already this week that uh that is not going to stop them from dominating their opposition because they need to be on the best form possible because this team is obviously aiming for higher than just the playins, right? This team is not trying to coast by. They need to try and find themselves a way to get to worlds. This is a squad that has been doing it for many years and it just be sad to have a world without DK. You know, we have had like maybe one or two, but like I don't know. Just doesn't feel right. It's a tight race though when you think about it. You know, I feel like obviously Genji have already locked worlds. T1, I think it's hard to see any scenario where they don't make it. Uh HL strong contenders for third and then that fourth spot. KT obviously front runners, but there's a lot of contention um at the moment and especially with, you know, normally we narrow it down to six pretty quickly, but there's going to be a lot more teams in contention going into playins. There's going to be eight still able to fight their way through in theory, right? I think that we do have like a relatively clear top five that we're kind of looking at if we're going to include DK in that. And I'm going to do that because Barrel's on the team and he's the best player in the world. But you can't you can never rule teams out cuz we've seen that before. Oh yeah, that's a very good point. DRX does exist. I feel like 2022 has just it's just ruined cuz whenever you make a statement, you always have to add the DRX caveat where someone just goes, "Oh, but what about 2022?" Do you know the best part that happened? We have Pioick on one side and Barl on the other in this very game. So it's relevant. You know, we're talking about DRX. They're not here today. It's topical. Exactly. It certainly is. And so is the draft. um because that's what's on the screen right now. So that that's that's a topic. I'm pretty sure the VI going to be the first ban. Wow, we are hearkening back uh with a very early VI ban. So, oh well, I was going to say, what are your predictions for the redside bands? We're starting with the Ape Ape. I think Ape's pretty good. I like AP. I'm getting a bit AP. So, the Pantheon next. Or would that be AP or AP? It's whatever you feel like. Oh, okay. I'm glad we're getting We'll take We'll take an American approach. Oh. Where you just get to kind of decide. Oh, is that Yeah. How things are pronounced. I think that's that's what we'll do. Yeah. As Oh, the Pantheon. Wo. They're denying us the AP or the AP or the whatever we've decided to call it. They've ruined our fun, which quite frankly I'm a little upset about. And now D plus obviously banning, but they're Where's the P? They can't finish it. Well, they're not Poppy. Just ban Poppy. They can do it. They can They can find a way. They can fix it. They can handle that. So yeah, the blue side Pantheon a little bit of a rare one. It's going to be eight. Some of the picks that are left open available. We haven't seen any top lane bands yet. Aurora open. Quen open. Rumble open. Poppy comes. Oh, they denied it again. They are. They Okay. No P champions allowed. This is a a AP assist or something as the Annie has as we're going to go with. Okay. Um, well, they can make up for it by banning uh, okay, who do they who do they have to ban next? What's another Y champion? Why don't I have a Y champion in my brain? Yoro. They have to ban Yoro and then Anivia. And then we're totally we're totally on board. Never mind. Okay, wait. They're going for Rumble, but Aurora's open and Shu has been pretty great on it. So, he will he will just lock Aurora in. Okay. And Wukong as well. Yeah, Aurora. Wukong way strong. Wouldn't a first pick Wukong be relatively good for the DN Freaks? It would have been relatively good. Okay. Actually, looking at the Oriana though. Okay. D+ has been gravitating towards this one quite a lot. Yeah. I mean, Oriana Wukong is a lot of power as well. Did he Faker take down Geng with his pick? He did. Wo. Or not. Oh, no. No. Or is um Okay. We have seen one into rumble and it's generally like weather the storm and become well the the lord of the storm and then they're going to go trundle to deny the tr so you can't shred the but then Wukong that gives them rumble Wukong. They could just go like rumble Wukong or Ariana. Yeah. Yeah. Just pick Wukong Lucid. No, don't just pick. Okay. Well, uh the Oriana is going to be locked in. See, the weird thing to me is I don't think after DNF picked Rumble, I don't think the or was ever under threat of being denied. Yeah. Um I don't think they were going to take the Andia was up. Yeah, this is DF getting a lot of what they want. Dus looking to go for the Noctturn, which is even with the Oriana. Oh, is it the Javan? Wait, if they do play the Oriana Nocturn, maybe it's just like it's a gigantic like uh fake out from the DN Freaks that they've been putting into effect since the start of the season where they've been picking Oriana Nocturn over and over again so their enemies can lose with it. Mind control. It's beautiful. It's not They're not going to fall for it as the Javin is going to come in instead. Well, I definitely would say that I feel like DM Freaks have gotten what they wanted. Yeah. Uh D+, you know, they've gotten good engage. They've got an Oriana which show is comfortable on. Definitely feel like an AD carry a hyper carry to to sort of follow up in this is good but you have a love engage threats you have to survive against. This is an this is a catastrophe of a draft. I'm uh I'm just going to go out and say it. We do know that D+ have been playing very well recently, but I feel like they've also been drafting pretty well um on top of it. Let's see what they round it out with. I don't want to and you know I I do often uh warn people against counting chickens prior to the hatching of said chickens but I like the uh Lucian ban cuz Lucian bum obviously bum can stop the orn so can make a good amount of sense. Um I do think the raan a little bit concerning. Yeah, I think maybe DM freaks ban the Alistister. Alistister comboing with the Oriana is pretty scary, pretty spooky and something that barrel has been gravitating towards it instead will be a Corki band to start things off. I think Cork is a I mean, he's been really strong recently. So, a great denial would have been a good uh pick on four 4D plus. See what Berserker is going to lose access to here because of course things with a dash is probably what DK are looking at as far as denial is concerned. see what it is going to be. Already taken away the Lucian Rakan. I think the Rakan denial is really good. I wonder if Deian Freak's ban I mean Civer could have some challenges into I mean I think C is okay actually but the thing is you can't pick C yourself as Dian Freaks. Um cuz the enemy team's got a Javan so Civer could be a good pickup for the plus that maybe we want to deny. Jin could also be okay, although we don't really like Jyn too much into like rumble till the air cuz you can kind of ether equalize the alt or also you'd have no damage with a comp like that. So maybe not maybe Brad. Yeah, to stop the engage makes a good amount of sense. It does mean the Alistar is open though. It's probably what Barrel is going to be looking towards unless they want to go for support counterpick. Uh Barrel has played Jana before things like that. Jenner actually works in this composition against the Wukong especially. I think the problem with going Alstrom 4 here is they could go Nico into it. So they're just going to take the Nico themselves. Go for that uh pick that obviously provides a little engage and that lane pressure. And now for the DM freaks. Are we just looking at a potential Civer that they need to play into? I I think you can't play Civ Javan. Well, that's what I'm saying. So D+ just probably pick it on five. Oh. Um, maybe. Oh god. Well, they are going to risk it. It's a dangerous move. Civic Karma. Specifically, the Nico is a good lane matchup. Maybe you can outrun the Cataclysm. Nico Kaiser. Okay. I mean, yeah, I feel like the I don't like the civer karma here into the Javvern, but it does do well into the Kaiser Nico. I feel like Defos's comp is a little bit all over the place. Yeah, I agree. I think that they already kind of made their errors at the beginning um and have since tried to fix it with the Nico getting on through there and Barrel having access to that one. And I think that that's short up at least a portion of the bottom side of the map. But with a Karma there, it is still going to be one that Den can play through. Interesting enough, I think it was Aiming and Barrel who are first to play Civer Karma. I know Barl's played a lot of Karma. He has certainly been clicking the Karma button quite a bit, but it is a it's a good matchup cuz a lot of the thing is with the Kaiser Nico is a lot of times the Nico really consolidates the Kaiser's weaker laning and we saw that in the last series. um makes it a lot better. Uh but into the civ karma, you're going to have a rough time. So I think it's really going to come down to this mid jungle of the Javan Oriana to get things rolling and the Java in particular to be in that Civer flash on cool down cuz I kind of pretty heavily favor what DNF have put together in this one. But I would agree. We have seen DNF have edges in draft and not been able to capitalize before. We have to remember we have spent the last three games observing the legend group. Yes. Uh not only that, it's the tippy top of the legend group. We are now in reality the reality of the rise group where drafts still matter but nowhere near as much as the culture of the game play. Let's get into it. [Applause] [Applause] All right, here we are, ladies and gentlemen, onto the rift for game number one of our Rise Group treat here. DNF versus DK. Last time around it was a two-0. The time before that it was a two-0. And I hazard to guess the times prior to that were also similar to the two. Um it it hasn't been a great time for DNF into DK. But that means say say the line. Can you say the line? It's Ras baby. No, not that one. You needed to say that they're due. Oh, but that's okay. They're not due yet, are they? No. Oh god. They won too much, man. I thought that they they have to be due. Uh, I guess yeah, they they did win like not last series, but the series before. Yeah, they they they expended the their Junas. That's how it works. But against DK specifically, they're kind of due. Okay, the problem with saying you have to be tentative when you say it's a good point. They can still win without being due, you know, that can happen. Hey, that's a good point. Let's see whether they can channel some of that. Already Berserker hits a very nice boomerang blade towards Barrel and his aiming is going to be shown up. Not respecting the Jackulov skin is the best skin rule that we do have here um around the world, which is also still pretty cool. Very fancy. It's just not quite Jack. It's not the classic. No, it's not. But it is very fancy. And you know, I wonder if Aiming has the skin. He probably bought it with all the gold king awards that he got as Barrel doesn't have health. Do you think he has Do you think he has like a slot in his computer and he just puts like the coin in and it just like gives him the skin like change? No, it just like as as it's in there, it just gives him riot points per second. Oh yeah, that makes sense. That's what happens. This lane is not going well. No, I would I would put this in the cons column well and truly as barrel not quite finding any tangle bars or anything like that as we are farming with the void seeker. They do look cool though, don't they? They certainly do. Sometimes that is the most important thing is Wow. Shu says you've got fire. Well, so do I. Yeah. Haven't seen Dudy do too hot so far in this in the early levels. Getting burned a little bit by the which is sad cuz he wants to do the burn. My god. Speaking of burning, uh aiming is going to have to leave. Yeah, that's a go home angle. It is. And we do have to remember that this was something that they kind of uh opted into. Yeah. Although there's like what do you do? You pick you pick Caitlyn. I guess you could pick Jinx sneak. I don't know. Could have gone Jin would have been better. But also Jyn for the comp doesn't feel great. Kaisa still doesn't feel fantastic. Yeah. I mean that's the thing is the Kaisano feels a little bit off the rest of the comp. I mean I guess you do haven't get be playing into a dive focused comp. I don't know. I've said how I feel about the D+ comp. Um, and I love this from DNF. We've seen a lot of teams struggle to do this and lose games over it, but you know, the recall comes out and they immediately read that the swap's going to come in. Obviously, the TP came quite early from Shiu and they match. And that's really important when you have such a favored lane matchup because if they let aiming and barrel just chill and farm, you know, what was the point of picking Civicama? Yep. And also, Aiming could only afford a cull. So, doesn't have biscuits or the pot that Berserker does have. So, it will That's not ideal. Yeah, it's going to be feeling like this damage will stick. And we did notice there was a fair bit of uh folk damage that Amy had to deal with. As we can see here, Life trying to take the Nico for a walk, but isn't going to be able to do so as Lucid is here towards his top side. See whether he's going to help out. There is a pesky monkey in the area as well. And Lucid is looking to come in by the power of Cyanide. This is a good timing to come in when your laners are healthy before they get poked out. You leave it any longer, not going to have a real chance to make something happen. So if life steps up too far and you find a gank, being a summoner can make a big difference. Oh, Barrel is going to try and find his way in and he manages to get the tangle bombs. Life goes down and it's first blood for aiming. Oh dear. DNF. This was where they were strongest and that's where DK strike. Just great setup from Barrel there. Didn't really leave any counterplay. Once the first CC hit, the second follows. Great gang from Lucid. And as I said, perfect timing when you still have health on aiming and barrel. No chance for recourse. You can see they got chunked out. If they'd been low health already, that's where you start to get a little bit concerned about counter kills coming through, but uh no chance for happening there. Very nicely done. She looking a little worse for wear as Dudu has managed to dust off that flamethrower quite uh quite well. That's the thing with the early match up with the uh rumble into the you do life. Yeah, he is going to pay a visit to showmaker here, but uh he speeds himself up has that phase rush available. So just wanders his way out. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So we haven't spoken about the walk strategy uh all that often this season. This is a great one. It is. Yeah. Goes for the E flash there. Really well played from Barrel. Just give no reaction time. And the fact that the Karma also burns the flash there. That is the best case scenario is whenever you go for play, you get the flash and the kill anyway. Yep. And now Lucid's being sneaky. Actually, no, it's Barrel. I got Barrel is also being sneaky. He is being sneaky. Um, and out so long and I I'm still getting tripped. Oh, me too. Every single time. But does it make you happy that as leader of the Lucid fan club? Yes. that there are like potentially three Lucids on the map. That's pretty great. Um, any Lucid fan would be happy about that. Yeah, but you mostly. Me mostly. Yeah, that's me especially. It's a really good point. I actually I don't know if you know this, but my fan card got signed by Lucid. Uh, did Shaker sign it? Because he's in a little bit of trouble. Um, not a great segway, but I had Chronicle borrowed it and got Lucid to sign it. It was very nice of him, but um, that's a bit awkward. It is my fan card, so I want to stop. You know, Chronicle was trying to say that he was the leader of the Lucid fan club, but I clearly remember he was the leader of the Crocco fan club at the same time. Okay, we should try fan clubs are you allowed to lead. We should try to get to the bottom of how many fan clubs Chronicles said he's the leader of because I feel like he said he's a leader of the Pays fan club, the Bulldog fan club, Roco fan club, Lucid fan club, Showmaker fan club. It's It's really allowing us to believe you a whole lot more. You know what? Let's try and find a player. He's not the leader allegedly of the fan club. Do you know what my favorite part is? I have said that I'm the leader of the Barrel fan club and Morgan fan club and I will stick to it. And I feel like Connor has probably also said those statements. So don't think that's the responsible. That's the thing is that you know you guys might think why are you so set on fighting over the Lucif Club? It's not about that. You know, I'm obviously it's important to me, but it's it's once he takes that, it's coming for you next. Yeah. Isn't it about defending the truth more than anything else? And he'll come for the barrel fan club from you next. It'll happen. Yeah. Oh, no. No, he won't. And then he'll start saying he's the head of the Bro fan club and Don will get very upset. Oh no. Yeah, it's a slippery slope. Well, let's see whether Berserk is going to be able to find this angle. He certainly looks like he will. Has on the hunt. Just needs to land it. He doesn't have any mana. Oh, so close. So close there, but uh Amy will be able to walk off. Doesn't have to bend the flash importantly. Yeah, he'll have to back away in the meantime. Uh Lucid will be taking some grubs. Grabs two of them. He can drag the flag all the way out as the ram coming on down here, but there's also an equalizer. Flash has to be employed here by Shu who does get himself out, but that is going to be summon a spell advantage here for Dudu on that top side. And no ulti for the never the best feeling when you Oh. Oh dear. Lucid will have access to a command protect relatively soon, but Shmaker not going to give him the orb. Yeah, it's always it must be rough for Chronicles seeing Bulldog and Lucid fight cuz he's he's apparently chairman of both fan clubs. Oh yeah, true. Imagine if the bros were playing in our next match as well. And like the also needs to bring his Crocco fan club gear as well. Oh man. Oh, it's ridiculous. He's he's coughing a lot of strays. We're sorry, Chronicler. Well, we sort of are. No, we're not. Oh no. Orcs Unleashed. 2026 is going to be a crazy year, man. Oh, it's going to be so sad, man. What else? What are we going to do? I'm a little scared. Like, where does your focus then lie? I don't know. This is so much of my material. I'm so frightened. Yeah, cuz it could be me next. You never know. And, you know, I can still make some jokes about it when he's just left. But yeah, he's okay. But there's going to come a point where it's like 2037 and I'm like, "Oh, yeah. Chronicler would they're like, "Who is Chronicler?" Exactly. Okay, that's a lie. We'll still remember him by then. We'll have the old heads who are like, "I remember who Chronicler is." Yeah, we would have had him converted to AI at that point and he'd be casting again. I'm sure that's what'll happen. You'll hate that comment so much. I like And after we've been spending this entire time in, that's going to be the one that hits the edge. Yeah. Going to win that one. Oh man. All right, Void Seeker is not really finding too much as we can see. DK have about 100 gold lead. That's why we're, you know, just being rude to Chronicle this entire time because not a whole lot more has really happened after that first blood did come in. And the gold lead is being held even by Dudu because he's just further ahead than Chu who just really wants levels in this game. I mean, I feel like the matchup with the rumble on, it's one of the things we see it picked in as like a counter with quotation marks, but really it's just the fact that, you know, you scale up as the orn, you can kind of weather the storm. But it's once you get the kynic ruk, that's the point where like the rumble just can't really do anything to you anymore cuz every time he tries to trade with you, you have a massive magic damage shield um as a kind of buffer zone for any trades. So, as soon as Shiva gets that, he should be chilling. Yep. He's getting closer as well. Yeah, but he has obviously fallen a little bit behind there. Lucid has picked up uh his signature item. Oh no, not the win more item. Yeah, he's also another Damasian champion. So, I'm sure it just works the same way. And it also feels so nice on Jarvin because you have the extra attack speed and your first auto. Yeah, the first auto feels amazing. Just like just slap him on the head, you know? I feel like that auto wouldn't even need to do more damage to feel good. It just feels good. Yeah, I do like the anim. You know, some champions the crit animations are so cool. Yeah. Yeah. See them? I haven't I don't know what Zillian is. He doesn't have one. Oh, no. He must Every champion does. I know. He He famously didn't He did get reworked since I knew that. I'm pretty sure. You know what? Have you seen Scions? No. He does like a little leg kick. He does a little little leg kick. Oh my god. Someone did a video where he had loads of attack speed. Wait. loads of attack speed and you lose. He's just doing that dance. Oh my god, it's so good. Um, Re, she does like a backwards like hoop kick. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like the bucking horse thing. Yes. Yes. It's great. It's pants though, isn't it? I the horse is pants. Yeah. We have to remember that. There's some But like the thing is, how often are you going to see a re with crit? Um, and you're probably thinking, where have I seen a real arena? You've been playing arena. It's always arena. Um, that is the way. Yeah. You know, like I like arena and all that, but it has made researching my uh my players very difficult. They just love playing arena. No, like I don't even think Canyon is trying to keep an account in challenger anymore. He is it's only arena. That is all he cares about. It's you know I remember the shai saying how Oh. Oh, should I make it? I remember the shai saying how he used to play a lot of a thought it was a great way to like put mechanics on top. I feel like Arena's the new AAM where Oh yeah, you know, if you can if you can kite with like seven attack speed, you know, and you're playing against like a Ziggs who just like 500 ability haste on Q's, then like, you know, you can kind You're actually just playing a bullet hell game in League of Legends, literally. Um, that's how it feels sometimes. So, it's a lot of fun. Yeah, but it is difficult for research. It is. Yeah. We'll put that one down. DNF do have a little bit of a lead. Have managed to put that one together largely because Dudu is just getting further and further ahead that Kan is could not come any sooner and in fact it is come right now. So there it is. Has that finish but now setting up a dragon. Fierce dragon of the game pretty late. Uh in fact so do see Lucid hiding in the brush but the dragon's giving away his position. First items for both of our junglers as Kio does get tagged by Lucid. Fair bit of damage there is aiming doing decent work towards life as well. And with this enchanter support, there's not necessarily that go button here for DNF that often teams are able to rely on as Gosh decides to flash in as Bulldog is thrown so far away. The dragon is going to get secured. And now Barrel going to go down first. But Amy gets into the backline and he's able to pick up a double kill. life going to be another one perhaps as there's the flash in Athen raining down and he gets that cool animation with Uzi's skin there as well as he locks up the triple that is four and zero now for aiming he is all of his team's kills yeah not the person you really want to be getting fed in this situation um aiming in a very pretty good spot very good spot yes we see the engage comes in showmaker flashes out. Berserker hangs around though and then ends up eating the Nicole into the shock wave and gets mega chunk. Flashes deeper into the pit. It just allows aiming to clean up. And I think that's the thing is that you know they don't catch the Oriana with the initial engage. They don't they do end up getting the dragon, but it feels like the focus from DNF a bit too much on the dragon whereas the focus from D plus was very much on the fight. And we're kind of seeing that pitfall of the Civiver into the Jav. Yeah. And you can see Berserker didn't really want to flash out the cataclysm and then just ended up eating everything. And it is a pitfall like quite actually, isn't it? Um because you don't it's not like you fall into a pit. You're just a pit is built around you and that is where you exist and you just have a horrible time. Yeah, that's uh that's how it's kind of how it's been. And the thing is as well it's like you also have the Tia and you have the Karma. There's just a lot of good targets to them. Some games you feel like the Java's like, "Okay, you really picked that here." And in this game, I mean, the only thing that's really the negative is that uh the unrivaled earth can be a bit of a pain point. And Wukong is a little bit finicky to deal with, but other than that, it's like you have three squishy targets that you can just cataclysm. Yeah. If they're without flash, which they currently are, just trap them in. And even there, Lucid ulted him when he had flash. And it's kind of like, okay, if you flash away, I'm going to follow you. So, he just kind of did. Yeah. Um, so sorry, go on. I was just going to say is the problem is is that if he just walks up to you in cataclysms as well or flash cataclysms, then he always can flag and drag on top of you after a flash anyway. Just doesn't feel like there's that many great options. Of course, that is a little bit more spell shieldable, but still. It's also a little awkward cuz if you spell shield too early, then the flag can proc it. Yep, exactly. It's a bit like trying to spell shield an Alistister combo, which we have seen a fair few of our LCK players manage to do quite well. It's just tricky when the pressure's on, you know. Oh, 100%. And if you mess up, you just lose the game. Yep. And if you do it, you may not necessarily get pom cuz someone might do more damage. So, it's really hard. Aiming looking for a bit of an angle here towards bottom side as the ram is cool. Really cool ram. Great ram. Like, well, guess I'm not coming down towards sensing immediately that something was wrong. Um, and there was a move from aiming. That's the thing with the Kaiser. can just kind of mosey on down to assist with these side lane plays. When you have an orn, you can set up the passage. You can ult in. Oh, vision everywhere here for DK as well. A little bit of a scary moment, but no one horn to come on through here from Shu who is currently burning down a little bit. In goes Barrel looking for a little bit of an angle, but that's the shape spplitter. Still gets a lot of information as Doo wandering over a ward. There is the wall down and barrel now potentially out of position and the pop loss not going to do anything at all. Some interruption coming on through but that is not going to be enough here as DNF pick up the eye and now look for Lucid and aiming dudu also wanting to burn down Shu who does have a turret here up and available but he'll miss that cannon and that doesn't feel great at all. Rift Herald immediately going to get thrown down as DK starting to lose the tempo. And ever since this draft began, the tempo vibes haven't necessarily been there. This guy on on your screen right now would argue against that because aiming is still four and zero, but DNF making the most of a awkward situation. Yeah, good setup there and able to punish the squishy Nico in the situation. Not sure where the TP angle actually came in. barrel gets cut in by the wall, ulted, and then gets just exploded by the Tia and the TP gets interrupted pretty quickly by Shiru there. Yeah, this is um you know there are always two sides to a barrel and that was one of the sides. I think the thing is as well what's kind of annoying for Dudu is that he has no way to interrupt Shu's TP other than kill him which is obviously not the easiest thing to do. Uh and Shu was just chased him down. Had vision in that brush that he retreated to. I mean Shu did did his job, stopped him coming in. Maybe the fight could have been a lot worse if Duty was able to show up, but uh at the end of the day, DNF got what they wanted out of that and the gold back to pretty even. Um there is a big advantage between the AD carries and we have two item spike for aiming which is significant. But that rumble is looking very oh fearsome if he does show up. It's a big raptor. She's going to take the big raptor. Lucid, he's like no, I'm already on my way. I need to get to this dragon pit. And to be perfectly honest, he does as that one's going to get started up. Barrel just looking for some angles here, but that is a lot of vision surrounding this dragon for DK and they will be able to secure it. Musul pretty big. Oh yeah, that's a scary one. No double dragon as DNF were able to take that first one if you remember that first team fight as level 13 now for Shu who has upgraded that Kan Cruen and is going to be able to start dishing out some items. And when aiming also gets an ornament and I'd Okay, Doo taking a lot of damage here from Showmaker. Pop Blossom going to come on through. That will line up another orb shot. And Aiming steals it away with a void seeker. And Barrel manages to limp out. That is a lot of power removed from the map. You know what that is? That's gold king behavior right there. That absolutely is. He's like, I am the only one. He has a monopoly on money. And that's that's a good thing to have a monopoly on. Just times it perfectly. Picks up the kill. Barely participates, but he's there enough to get that and move back towards mid to pick up a wave. There is on a ward here. Oh, okay. I thought maybe there's an angle of bull look for him, but instead he's just moving towards top. Yep, she was just knocking down this turret with his little hammer. Um, yes. So, there is a Kaiser sized problem in this game that DNF have to solve. They do at least have the civer that like you've mentioned previously is going to struggle into the jave but does if she's left unattended do a fair bit of damage but showmaker is doing a lot more than I expected. I believe he went for the archangels build as well which is often a little bit disappointing but uh that initial combo certainly cutting the uh rumble up. Yeah, archangels on a rod. Um I mean didn't go like rower into archangels which you saw. Yeah, haven't haven't ever really liked that one. Definitely a lot more of a slow bin. And the thing is the archangels gives a good amount of AP once you've completed it. It's just a bit slower to get going. Uh now with Shadow Flame, he is chunking a lot of available from that Oriana and just went and bought all the AP possible as well prior to that. Just got as many of the books and the rods and things like that. Yeah. beef up the of course more AP on an Oriana always better just because you have the shield as well which does also scale. We have rods. We have books. Do we have any ones? Yeah, we do blast them. Blasting one. Do we have any like staffs? Staves. Staves. The large rod is probably a staff. I mean, it's a rod. Are they not different? It's a good point. Seraps kind of looks like a staff. Why do you need Do you need it to specifically be called a staff? I'm just trying to I'm just trying Is that the staff of flowing water? That is a staff. Yeah, you're right. I think we could say that that's a staff. Okay. I just I was just going to check, you know, I'm not as well versed. The void staff is probably a staff. Is the void staff a staff? Let me think about this for a second. Yeah, give me give you a sec. Okay. Well, I'm glad we got to the bomb of that. Two staves can confirm. Okay, we've we've checked all the box. Wizarding is possible. Okay. Glad we got to the bottom of that. Yeah. I'm I'm not sure why we got to the bottom of that. Do you know why we got to the bottom of that? I was just thinking about it and I didn't have at the top of my head and it's one of those things you think you say it and then you think afterwards. Spiral that and then he thought afterwards. Yeah, he definitely didn't think before. Yeah, we can confirm that. Okay. Sometimes you just want to You know what it is? There's a lot of items in League of Legends and they keep changing them and void staff has only been in the game for about 75,000 years. Like why does no one build frozen mallet anymore? So true. Actually, there's some N player out there watching this right now. Oh, actually, he slammed his desk like, "Bring it back out. Dare you, Alice. I'm still hurting." Yeah. What about uh I think uh Gunblade still gets me. I really want that item back. I love Hex Tech Gun Blades so much. It's in arena. Oh, is it? Yeah. I need to play actually. I've just not been an arena guy. Been too busy playing too. I love how I was setting that up to you. Yep. All right. Well, now I'm now I have to cuz now I can finally build my gun blade again. There you go. I love how they're just starting this up. They are. Um, why not? DNF have been pretty good at committing to objectives and then taking them, but DK do know exactly what's going on. The redemption to heal them all back up again as Lucid is in the area. It's likely to be a 50/50 as the shape splitter are actually trying to eat some of these haroons. But down go the rocks and there is the for DNF. Aiming is in the mid lane just taking a turret. The bottom lane outer does go down as well. Um, DNF got what they were looking for, but at what cost, ladies and gentlemen, as she is also going to stop all of these backs. Lucid also going to make sure life isn't going home. Showmaker is still taking it in a turret. Barrel is just going to die, but I think that was his plan. Life also just goes into a cataclysm here. Shu trying to get himself out. Won't be able to flash cuz he just used it. And Showmaker, get to work, buddy. This is what it was for. I think that's I'm going to call that worth. I think that's pretty weird. You know, I think they're pretty happy with that. They find a window to start up the Attakon and Deboss aren't able to contest. Lucid very nervous about approaching into the Tier, the Unraveled Earth, a big threat and aiming and Showmaker just weren't there spread across the map. Showmaker didn't have TP, so it just ends up being a pretty easy pickup. And then they try and just chase them down, force some summoners, give Showmaker time. Barrel steps up a little too far, instantly dies, and then she was quick to follow. I don't think Barrel's going to win PO for today. No, I don't think so either. Um, not yet. But Deepuff do retreat and get a dragon. It is only that second though. I still think DNF just very happy with how that passenger play went. Can I was a little concerned when they started up the We've seen that go wrong so many times, but the timing was good. It was worked out. We do have Showmaker on the verge of picking up a death cap which is going to be a large addition of power. We also have Terminus done here for aiming as well. Not going to go for the AP build because of course there is already Oriana, Nico, and uh on the map that do majority of magic damage. So will be able to make use of this black cleaver that Lucid has put together. But I do feel like it's been like a little bit lax on some of the decisions made in this game because they have a five and zero Kaiser that they just used to take an outer turret while um DNF were securing. I just don't think that that's necessarily the best way to make that happen. You know, you saw Barl and Shiru watching them take the Attakan and they were all clumped together. Yeah. And you know, they were just thinking, guys, if we hit all the ults here, it's just instant ace into Adakan into the game is over. But also, they were probably like, if we do that, the game's probably over. And this is Rise Group, baby. Ah, yes. That's not what we're about. We're about the slow burn. It's not instant gratification here. You know, you have to deserve it. You have to earn it. This feels like Penguin Bro would say. Absolutely. I think that was in the in the the fro handbook. They do have one. I would love to read it. Oh, it's it's it's joyous as the cycling going to come in here from Crypto Gosh gets the flash out from Lucid, but otherwise not too much more is going to be found as Bulldog makes his way all the way in. Barrel just finds two of them and the tangle bombs locks them up and the shock wave knocks them down. There's the flag drag as well. the CC, the layering. It is perfect. It's like an onion. Down goes Berserker. He will be able to take Showmaker with him, but there's a knock up from Shu. That's for the early game Rumble. Um, as DK will be able to now take this inner turret and then look towards the Baron. Hey DK, catch. I just DNF, start a fight on Lucid. Not the best target. I just I'm not just I don't know. He just starts to engage onto a Javan who obviously isn't a target who's that easy to catch and then Bulldog goes in so aggressively and like all and then he gets by Nico doesn't flash gets shocked after and the fight's just over. I I'm just so confused as to why they Ah, you still have legend group right now. That's a That's a mistake, my friend. One that we could understand you've made here today. Yes. Um this is as we mentioned prior rise group baby. Actually, yeah. In the context of Rise Group, it makes sense. It's just Wednesday, man. Like that's that's B. I know it's Saturday currently. Well, I think that makes sense, you know. Yeah. as aiming is going to find Dudu and the rest of the team. Have you noticed the turret remains say Uzi? Oh yeah, they do. They're signed. That's really cool. I didn't actually know that about that skin. Is that only the ones he takes or is just any it's going to be hard to tell because Aiming's the gold king. So I mean I I've just always thought that you should just only play Jaculov's skin, but maybe now with the fact that he does get to sign the turrets that he takes. That's pretty cool. All right, the Ram going to come on through here. Trying to zone as there's the double knock up as well from Lucid as he gets into the backline, but Yoshik is also buying a lot of time. It's a trader jungle as with the Baron probably still going to be okay here for DK as Shu still a tank. Finds a bit of an angle here. Gets right underneath that turret. That was a very weird interaction and series of things that happened. And uh in the end, the result was Shu's dead and so is the turret. Okay, we're a bit fast and loose with our baronss today, aren't we? Hey, DNF. Heads up. You don't need to be diving the tower here. A little bit unnecessary. Um, Lucy goes so deep and then the counter engage comes in from Kyik to buy time and then Lucy just dies and then she was like, "Hey, hold my beer." I mean, it is cool. This is a cool play. the knockup redirect shock wave, but no, no one no one dies except him. Yeah. Um he's like, "Hey, Lucid, tell me how that shockwave thing went." Yeah. So, it was a little different cuz that was in the river and this was under an inner turret. This is such a nice game. Oh, it's perfect. It's what we all wanted. It is still a 6,000 gold lead. Uh they still have a couple of baronss for another 30 seconds or something like that aiming at the mid lane. Yeah. you know, which is also a little concerning cuz it feels like they're not learning a lesson. No. And uh that is the frustration of being a DK fan, and it always has. Um it's it's when will they learn? And the answer is never. They will forever be DK. Oh, look. It just wrote it. Yep. Oh, it's actually so sick. Oh, yeah. And the bot doesn't have it, so it's only once he Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, like tags it on his way out. Man, that is so cool. I wonder who's going to be the next Hall of Legends inductee. I know who you wanted to be. I know. I'm pretty sure he's eligible, too. I mean, he's won two worlds on different teams. Yeah, he's won your heart. Oh, imagine the documentary trying to figure him out. What? Okay, so we have Uzi signing the towers when they go down. What would you want on the the barrel skin? What cool feature would you want? I'd want it to just like whenever you die, it just pops up saying worth. That's what I'd want. Yeah, something like that. Um would be fine. Or I needed to do my dailies anyway or something like that. I'll quickly alt tab or something. Um something along those lines. There's certainly I I'm sure Barrel is going to come up with something beautiful uh when he's going to get there as aiming. He uh he can kill more than just Krakens now as he has upgraded that one. And Shu has an adaptive helm. Kind of cool. You mean a jack show? Oh, sorry. It's adaptive helm in TFT. Oh, I'm pretty sure. Do they show share the icon? I'm kind of I'm trying to remember. I'm pretty sure it is. No, I think they're a little bit different, right? They just a little bit different, but like it's just I see them too small and I don't process it. Yeah, adaptive helm is a little bit different. I think my brain is just not working. I was too busy thinking of what Barl would say when he died. All right. And actually, that's not even the one. So, I think I have actually no idea. Let me see whether it's different though in the TFT one. Yeah, I mean he is pretty tanky now, you know. Uh, lacking a little bit actually lacking a little bit in the armor department. Like you get armor from Unending Despair and Jack Show. Yeah, Adaptive Helm is just mirrored. Jack shows Jack Show. Yeah. Wow. And I I played a game. I managed to hit the Zach augment just before the match. Well, that's good. I was going to say about it. you were lacking a little bit in the armor department cuz although he has two two items that give armor in the adaptive in the and despair and the jack show he doesn't have like a like a rand or something. So doesn't it look like a helm that's going to make you more adaptive though? I mean I don't know what a jack show is. It doesn't look like Jack's shoes very much. It looks like a hat. Yeah. But um I mean Berserka will do a good amount of damage to Shu is what I was trying to say on my point before we got distracted by uh Jack. Oh wait, they're not even mirrored. They're just the same. Yeah, it's the it's just Jack. Exactly the same. The protein the pro protein jack shoes. Love that. My mind. Fantastic. This is some rise group content. All right, the ram's going to come on down. Shu finds only one knockoff, but still this whole team is split. Pop Blossom going to connect onto Doo, but already Berserker is getting some work done. And Barl, how did he live? He should not have lived. Showmaker is going to go golden. Is now aiming, taking matters into his own hands. Still has the flash. DK, they're going to get out with one dead, but that is a loss in the team fight technically. Yeah. And actually peeling for Berserker was so critical there. Saved him. Saved his AD carry. So watch what actually happens. The engage comes in onto the civer. You can see has to flash the cataclysm flag and drag and then the or gets interrupted by the psychoord otherwise he would have got knocked up again. So Berserker able to kite out and that DPS threat means aiming can't just charge him down. So the peel from the Wukong critical there to keep his civer alive and the threat of the four item civer very real right now. Very much is. He's got as about as much damage as he needs to be perfectly honest as we got six items done including an ornament and a GA here for aiming as Berserker is still cutting through she I mean this is what I mean he just he doesn't have you need like a randowins really um if you're going to cut down Berserker's damage significantly when he has four items with an LDR he does just kind of shred you when you have those he did not need protein jack shoes man yeah he has those half um half armor items like the hybrid ones Oh, there's a flank. Yeah, Bulldog going to get put into the baby cage and the ram is going to come down to stop any sort of follow up. As you can see, Shio actually going for it here. Gets a knock up onto life and is not going to get snared either. So, that is a dead bulldog for the next 50 seconds. He does have teleport, but that is such a long death timer at this stage of the game. Yeah, it's still a bit spooky to go to the Baron because equalizers up, cyclones up. They will start it, but this is very fightable for DNF. Look at the low health bars on D+. Yeah, Showmaker is actually needing to be very very careful here. Gets the serif shield, but now that's going to be on cool down as Barrel looking for an angle here. Doesn't get the pop blossom onto anything at all. Neither does he hit the tangle box as aiming has said that he just wants to dive into four people and it's going to be successful. Void seeker will land, but he doesn't have any more killer instinct because he used all of it in that last fight and whatever that was, it just worked. Main character Kaiser energy there from Maming just flies in complete conflict. He couldn't have been more in the middle. Yeah, he was he was Malcolm. Straight up Malcolm into the team fight and Reese wasn't there to beat him up, you know. Oh, bring down. [Laughter] Yeah, Barrel comes in, does force a spell shield, and then she was getting beat up. just flies straight in and just starts shredding so many things on cool down. Flashing there just to delete the civer as well. Knows the only person who really has the DPS to cut through that blood thirst to shield. Aiming doing exactly what he needs to there. And now mountain soul for D plus. If you thought that blood thirst to shield was obnoxious. Yeah. And also, if you thought that the Jack shows wasn't quite doing enough, uh maybe it'll be fine now as we've also like he's got the like the magic damage shield. He's got the the regular mountain shield as well is unkillable. He's approaching. He's building the random rand. And the wardens is actually like pretty decent as a start anyway. Yeah. Oh dear. Um and they were already like 10,000 gold ahead. Um they are still that. Um but they have even more. I mean, in credit to DNF, they were doing pretty good for how far behind they were. They also got the other. That was a pretty cool play. They did make the game interesting. Um, but I think D+ are about to make the game over. You got to make the really cool Malcolm in the middle reference as well, which was great. Hey, you opened up with it. So, yeah, the the the Reese one got me. That really really did get maybe the reason maybe his dad was actually cooking at the time. Um and and so like Reese was there joining him or helping him out or something like that. That's why I even got away with it. Yeah. Might have been the angle. Yeah. You hear that they're going to do like a reunion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's actually I think why it's in my brain cuz I saw something about that more recently. What a what a great show. Such a good show. That's a lot of our our teenage years or at least mine. Maybe it was your our primary school. Not that much younger than you. No, actually not that much. as all right. The entire ring of these inhibitor turrets has gone down and DNF one last defense, one last chance to keep themselves alive in this game. One thing to remember though is that this is Rise Group. Anything can happen in game two. Have to keep their mental intact, but this game is looking done and dusted as there's a cataclysm from Lucid. Finds a nice knockup. Finally, a pop blossom lands and barrel is going to die yet again. But aiming is untouched outside of this equalizer as the killer instinct comes in. Bulldog not going to die to it just yet, but uh he has to come out of stasis eventually. And the Athenian is raining down to grab all these kills. Down goes the nexus. And DK will take game one. You know, I'm going to be honest. Sometimes I've talked about an issue close to my heart about justice for supports. This was this was as far as away. This was just this was AD carry. This all 80 carry. Aing said, "Look, guys, let's stop messing about. I'm carrying this game. Uh, I want to win." And he did. He literally just did everything. And I mean, yeah, Dust had a lead, but he just really was a driving force in those fights, was ulting in like a bit of a psychopath. Complete confidence. And Kaiser for a long time has been just one of his signature picks. Certainly has. And I think with a build like that as well, he had bloodthirst GA and then the mountain soul as well. Yeah. did less damage than Berserker, but I think a lot of the Berserker damage was just spread across those bulkier targets. Berserk, you know, you had a lot of health bar to get through. If aiming wasn't there, Berserk would have looked good, but watching the aiming was just on fire. Sometimes it's about where you do the boom boom damage, not the fact that the boom boom damage was done in the game. Yeah, something that we could all uh, you know, learn from and live by. Um, as I say that, it's probably still looking like a pretty good aiming day as far as PO is concerned. Time for us to take a short break. When we get back, the space going to break that one down and then we will have game number two. And hopefully after that game three, DNF, come on, get it together. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat up here. Heat [Music] up Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] to be won of the present and the future. I will say 200 [Music] What about me? for something. [Music] Fore speech. Keep them. [Music] [Music] The blossoms fall and the black rose rises. Do you feel like the heroes of this story coming to save the day? your pawns in a game that's already been decided. You will fight as good soldiers do. I will seal you away once more. Your age has passed, Darren. Stay buried. And you will fail as mortals must forces. Your course was doomed the moment you left Damasia. Behold my power. and entered my world of thorns. Make your final stand and see how your story ends. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello and welcome back to the space. We're here after game number one of DNF up against D+ia. And D+ was able to take the win. Took them a little while, but they got the job done in the end. As I'm still Valdez joined by Chronicler and what did what do you guys think about that game number one? I I find it hard to really pinpoint um where the tempo vibes were. That was really my main issue. I feel like the costers actually highlighted this as well. There was a a little unclear. And I also think that DK had some people on champs were like thumbs up, right? We had uh aiming on Kai'Sa. That was great. We switch he on which we've we've yeah we've really had some issues with but I think it actually was mostly just a pretty clean K game from DK or obviously trying to be as good as possible ramping into playoffs. Yeah, especially the game was not quick enough but I think it was slow but steady. So uh I really like the play style from DK especially today. Yeah, let's go ahead and take a look at highlight number one because we have a lot to talk about in this one. There was just so much going on and W TV wad TV is going to take over from here. So yeah, especially I want to talk about the DNF positioning here cuz they are the one who start the Drake here and I think it's only one player from DNF can actually engage on the target because they have Karma in the support. So I think Ping need to pull the trigger here, but and you might think they are just grouped as a team and ready for the fight, but in fact they're not. So because of the Drake pit, they're actually not grouped and it's really hard to walk through the Drake as well. Uh so in fact they're just kind of splitted. So I think DK knew that they can actually like collapse on them. So Showmaker just steps up here and kind of bait Poshic out. Uh cuz even though he got engaged here, he cannot die because all the other players from DNF cannot follow up. So you can roll the clip here. What happens next is that actually Showmaker is going to step up on Ukong and he's going to get bait. He's going to get baited here and he's just going to engage on Oriana. But no one can follow up from DNF side here. As I mentioned, you are kind of getting blocked by Drake and Drake wall. So all you can do is actually Talia will into the enemy team which is not optimal. So what happens next is that just DK cleans up all the targets. So I just want to focus here that DK uh kind of played well around their positioning but also DNF was not doing correctly about the Drake positioning here. So yeah and that's been one of the biggest issues I think uh respectively for both these teams. For DK it's trying to clean up the gameplay as much as possible. This still wasn't 100% clean, right? Uh I think that there were still some moments where Barl just presses our button cuz he, you know, went trying to make a point. Um but by and large, this did feel like they were really just playing for the team fights, which is a style that I think hasn't suited them as well as the more aggressive uh we ball and see what happens style. So I do think that it's very obvious from their fight approaches that they're a lot more synced than they were say 2 3 weeks ago. Yeah, I think uh CVMAX is trying to really pinpoint what the issues are and really getting everybody in sync and really nail down all those issues and make sure they're all on the same page. We can take a look at highlight number two as well, the midfight that did occur, which uh really speaking of uh nails was the nail in the coffin for the side of DNF as they were trying to fight back from here, but were not able to do so. Somebody has to face check and they go pretty deep for this one. And at first it looks like the fight isn't actually too bad. They're able to get Lucid summoners, but as we all know, the only real main character for DK at this point in the game is aiming and they attempt to collapse onto Lucid, who doesn't even die by the way. Uh, and then Bulldog and Life just get unceremoniously altered by Showmaker and then from that point on the fight is kind of over cuz they can just ult in and clean it up. Yeah, again, the Ukong ulti was the only one engaged from PNF and and it didn't work out. So I think that's why teams really wanted to pick uh engages a lot in the team. So even though your first engage kind of fails, you can actually have the secondary option as well. But the thing is you have Karma support and you have Talia who cannot uh really engage on the target. So it was not great draft in general, but also in game the plan was not there from DNF. Yeah, I think it's just some of those woes of DNF. You know, they are our 10th place team. they are not going to be making it into plans, but at the same time just trying to still figure out drafting, trying to still figure it out on the side of D plus GA, you know, still they were in the booth thinking about what they did wrong. There was definitely a lot of improvement it feels like on the side of DK because while they did win it, it was kind of a shaky midame against DNF, which is a team that I think they should be dominating big time at this point in the season. So, how do you feel about the Hughes Orin in this game? cuz they're just preparing for the planes, right? I mean, I think it's I think it's been fine. Uh for SH with me, the biggest issue has always been that on his picks, he's looked amazing, right? I think that on carries, he has shown what he's able to do, and there's a large period where even that didn't really come through. That has been the case more recently. Uh, and but with his tanks, I feel like he still doesn't really know when either to pull the trigger, which is the number one thing, but also, and we've seen this with some other Rise Group teams as well, just because you're a tank does not mean you're invulnerable. Uh, so you got to be a little careful about where you position. Yeah, especially in this day and age with Rumble and Corki and all, it's hard to play tanks. It really is. Uh, but guys, we're done here for the space for game number one. Let's go back to Atlas and Ox for game number two. Thank you so much, gentlemen, for that breakdown of game number one. And we're just hoping that DNF can get it together as oh my goodness, the fan sign meta is just insane. Especially here in the rise group as Oh, this guy is dedicated. That's an espress. It's a manifesto. A DNF fan showing up to all that's dedication to the cause. It certainly is. Let's see whether it's going to pay off as of course, you know, it kind of did because DNF have strung a couple of wins together uh throughout rounds 3 to five, but not against DK. Um DK have just kind of smashed them every single time. And for these rounds since MSI, it's now five games in a row. See whether they can make it six as DNF did have the blue side in game one. They're likely to stay there for game two, but it's not going to change how things go outside of these picks now not being uh possible as 600 games for my boy Barrel. Maybe he was focusing on that instead of the Nico play in the first game. That's what was having a good time. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, "It's my celebration day, guys." He did land that really nice tangle Bobs uh in one of the team fights, but otherwise he was just kind of dying middle crown. It was very cool. That was from when he was doing the like the draw show in 2023, right? Oh man, that was uh that was a time. What a beautiful moment as All right, it's now time to get into the draft for game two. What do these teams have in store for us? Maybe it's time to get in the kitchen, DK. Maybe it's time to show us what you've been cooking up. I You know, it's something we talked about during the LCK Cup. This team was so experimental. Yeah, they were cooking up some crazy stuff and that was when they were that was the best they've been at this entire year and I feel like we're missing that. So, I think they should just start going crazy again right before playoffs. Isn't that the perfect timing to throw everything out the window? It would be beautiful. Throw it all out the window as all right last time. Such a bad influence if you were coaching. We would not be very good coaches like oh no no no I think Trindir is really good here. Wouldn't it be funny if is never how you should leave? Yeah. No gap discussion conversation. Well, the Trundle is going to be taken away this time. And Z obviously just very much targeting junglers has DNF been. Last time it was VI Pantheon Poppy. This time it's VI Trundle Poppy I would assume. It's likely still a Yaro ban. D plus might go IP. Yeah, I think it should be IP. One of the P's um will need to be banned. Oh, they got app. Oh, could be AP. We could get it. Let's see whether it make you happy. It be made me real happy, mate. Don't you worry about that. Okay. All right. The Gwen is going to be taken away. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about uh ruining the language of your people. Um as all right, let's see what it will be with the Gwen ban. does kind of throw a bit of a wrench into the works, but it's still Yinaro, right? Kind of has to be. Yeah. No, it's Aurora, interestingly enough, huh? So, Yara's open available. And you got to feel like, especially with how DM Freaks play that they'll just slam it for Berserker. Remember, this is one of the picks that they got a big win on. Indeed. So, it's a bit perplexing that the Aurora would be the ban because there's no Rumble. The Gwen is already banned and they're still removing it. Of course, Bulldog is a notable Aurora player. I think they want to get Bessa for Shu. That's a good call, but it's still I I feel like not really the most weird thing. Annie makes a lot of sense shutting down uh the Yinara. We obviously saw Annie Wukong do a great job earlier today. Um, but obviously Wukong gone. So Annie's in Zho comes through. So Ambassa now free for Dudu to pick up if he would like to collect that for himself. I think it would just be a good pickup to deny it. honestly. Um Oh, FIC was thinking about whether or not he could justify it and it turns out Oh, this is one of his big picks and he is going to lock that one in. The Gallio come in alongside it. Okay, some strong skirmishing in the mid jungle. Yeah. Um Le not the highest pryo of those AD junglers we see, but obviously understanding against the Anis and Zo, you need some power there. And to no surprise, it is the ambassador coming through for Shiu. So, lot of priority from DPS around that top side. I don't think the Lein would have been banned. No, I don't think so either. So, they could have just taken the Ambassador Gallo, I would have thought. But yeah, maybe scared if they take the Ambessa, they would have played into a Renekton or something. Yeah. Um, which is now going to get banned. And what are you going to take into the Ambessa is the question. And what are you going to take into the Yara as well is the other one as maybe a Jin or something like that. Faming um not going anything too crazy could be one of the options that they're looking for as we're zooming in slowly onto Barrel who will just allow this Casante to be banned away. I mean the main thing is is having reliable lock down, good engage to explode the pick. So definitely want Barrel to be playing a reliable engage support if possible. Um Poppy going to get taken off cards. Yep. Alistar Rakan still open and available. So Rakan actually could be a big lock in here, especially with the Annie already there could allow for a lot of big Tibbers plays. I think the one thing with taking a support here on four is that maybe a little concerned about a Lulu into it. Spooky. You might want to take Lulu yourself with a Zenza already there. I just think the problem is into Yara. you just won't have the the pressure onto it and so well. I think you probably take any carry here personally. And the Jin is the pretty obvious standout as far as power level at this point in time. A has had some decent performances on it more recently, but it's not exactly anything that we get too excited about. Yeah, it is most played around 3 to five actually, surprisingly enough, even though it's not a pick we typically attribute to aiming, but I think taking it here makes sense cuz even though you pass over, you know, first choice for support to the DM3, it means that you don't end up in a situation where they get a a free support pick, aware of the matchup, uh don't have as much comfort, so they end up going for the Alistister. Time to flex any mid, pick Silus, am I right? You mean flex any support and go? Sorry. Yeah, flex any Annie mid support. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I meant. Uh, didn't really ring as true when he would do that. Of all players, Barl is the most I know he does have a bit of Tab energy and I always associate Annie support with Tab. I don't know why, but I do. Maybe because he played it a lot when he was on Royal back in the day. So, a very short range composition from the DM Freaks. A lot of melee. Uh, and then the Yunar as well, who is a short range pig. And it looks like barrel leaning towards the Jim Bard, the kind of T1 special we've seen from them many times. a little bit more fiddly than some other engage picks. I mean, barrel did have that uh I think it was either earlier this week or last week. Pretty fantastic game, but not super reliable lock down for the Unara. If you There's nothing reliable about Barrel's Bard, especially after the last game. And the thing is, I mean, I assume is Berserker going to take cleanse? Ghost is pretty high priority on the Inara, but into Bard Annie, I think cleanse is pretty good. And if you take cleanse, it's like, okay, you're kind of limited in terms of CC to lock him down. So, I don't know. I think in terms of having the tools available to deal with the Inara, I don't think D+ have fully hit the mark, especially compared to what Geng had in terms of Rakar and Wukong Ani, but their comp still is serviceable. They've got some good picks for them. It's just there's a little bit concern if that Yara gets out of check, she will take over the game. Exactly. Well, it's time to do it. We are ready. Comps have been locked in. Something very fun did happen. The bands from DK spelt a park. So if the DM freaks win, they're not going to hit it out of the park because a park has been banned. Oh, okay. So that is that is illegal. I'm not allowed to say that. If they do win the game, they can't even go to the park. No, no one can go to the park. Park's just gone. Wow. Which is a big shame cuz that increases happiness by quite a lot for your citizens. Yeah. Don't really have anything on the other side. No, that one's just kind of a mess. Um, that I would attempt to pronounce, but I don't really want to. Um, the picks for DNF, Yuga feels pretty good. Let's get into the rift here for game number two. All [Music] right, here we are, ladies and gentlemen. Um, I am reminded by chat that we are currently in a park um because it's L Park that we're at already has to cleanse. Well, did take the cleanse, not the ghost, which I think is the right decision in this game, but uh now doesn't have it anymore. So, if there is a pause, it's because the whole venue needs to be changed. That's what's going to happen. Barrel looking for it. Yeah, Jiggy. Yeah, that would make sense if they may not honor it, but we'll just have to see. Pioick running around circles here a little bit. Will be starting towards his top side by the looks of things as DK already off with a bit of tempo in the beginning of this game. And I actually I mentioned this on Twitter uh last time DK played. This is the team that either has all the tempo vibes or none of them. On any given day, they are either either just thriving completely or headless chickens. No idea what they're doing and unable to really take control of a game. Yeah. Um today it's not convincing, but it does feel like they certainly have a fair few of those tempo vibes. It does feel that way. and even aiming finding that deadly flourish onto Berserker who does come back to lane with not a whole lot of health. Didn't actually pop his potion um in that little jungle kathuffle that we did have before. Not a fun lane match up though playing the Inara Alistister into the Jimard going to be a rough time. Yeah, anything Alistister doesn't feel fantastic. So, this just feels like it's even worse. Yeah, this particularly painful. Shouldn't miss too many minions though and should be able to pick these up. Oh, deadly flourish is just going to be a little bit annoying. Does miss out on one of those melees, but uh otherwise shouldn't miss too many of these. And as I say that misses a few. Oh, and that one. Main thing has got the XP. Yeah. Yeah. Are we getting to that point? Oh, main thing is they got the XP. It's 12 to one. Uh no, 14 to 6. 16 to 6. It's okay. You know, that's what you He's still got a wave to catch. He's going to be at like 11, 12 even. Look at that. That's not too bad. Only down four CS considering how zoned away they were. I mean, it is though. Like if you get zoned out on XP, it feels really bad. But I think you got XP for all of them. Yeah, so it should actually. Yeah, circle value absolutely massive. Barrel and Barrel is just bing. I'm concerned for him. I'm not sure he is. He's absolutely not. We're flashing for it. his life finds the double pole as Bioshik comes in and says, "No magical journeys for you. You're only allowed to go on magical journeys when I'm there with you in 2022." Barl, really well played there from DNF and Life in particular. Went for the combo. Well, didn't go for the full combo. Actually, got on top of them, stacked up the stun, and then aiming and barrel just kind of held their flashes until it was a little bit too late. Didn't get a chance to use them. Gosh with a great gank timing. in even though unfortunately Berserker isn't the one to get the kill. The most important thing is you relieve some of that early pressure which was building up mounting up there. Yeah, really nicely done here by DNF. And this is what Pio has been known for on the lease in right. It's making these early plays and being frust. Yeah. So life just flashes with the E. And the thing is if you flash he'll just WQ. So like what choice do you have? Yeah, that situation has the Nimbus Cloak as well. Given the extra movement speed to chase down, it does end up meaning that D plus still have their bot lane flashes available. But uh all in all, a nifty play by Light indeed. And the flashes situation, not as much to worry about because there's hex flash and Berserker didn't have to use his. Yeah, should be aok. Okay, outside of the fact that it's still, you know, Jinbug hex flash and spell book. I mean, it's never been more desirable to just blow your flash. Yep. In fact, you probably should. You should flash out of fountain, I think. Get get to lane quicker. Yeah. Yeah. Got to make sure you do that or just to send a message. Flash in lane on the spot. Yeah. Just say like, "Hey, by the way, I don't have flash, but I got hex flash now." Yep. Spend the rest of the lane sitting in the brush charging hex flash. That's what you got to do as Pic back into the jungle once again. And him picking up the first blood is actually kind of big because it means that wherever he is, he's going to get a lot of value. How broken would Hex Flash be if you could have it as like a separate summoner? Like you could have flash and hex. Oh my god, that would be so good. That'd be so broken. It would be very broken. What if they just took flash? Like you couldn't take it as a summoner spell anymore, but everyone got hex flash. Imagine Annie just like permanently just sits Yeah. You're just only in brushes. Hex flashing permanently. Yeah. I think a lot of champions I mean it's just it's just crazy how flash is just so integral to the game. Yeah. And and so core for so many champions. It really was a a conversation I'm pretty sure back in the day like oh everyone's taking this like should we like just get rid of it? Should we buff everything else? And I'm I'm glad that we went with the let's just keep it in the game and accept that everyone will just take it unless you're Gwen. Yeah. Or Harley sometimes or he Yeah. I think it's one of these things where it's like a cool resource to play around and and the fact that it works so well with certain abilities and certain champions obviously like Le is a great example. Who would you believe in this game? Yeah, there you go. So is Gallio who used to be another one of those really cool ones. That one was broken. That was very broken. Oh man, the taunt flat. Yeah. Flash. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ta flash. You just you just channeled it in lane and just walked up. And the thing is you didn't have to flash cuz they would just flash. Level one. You just hold channel taunt. They flash and you're cool. You're dead at level two. And then if they didn't flash, you just flash and they're dead at level one. It was there was no It was so broken. It's actually just incounterable. So that's a good one to get nerfed. Don't need to remove the summoner spell completely. It's okay. Uh here on this bottom side, we're seeing that aiming and barrel are still doing okay. But it's a 200 gold lead for Berserker on the Yaro. And that is problematic here for DK. But you know who it isn't problematic for? Us cuz we want as much Rise Group goodness as we can possibly get. That's what we're here for. Exactly. And so the Dan Freaks might be able to bring us there on the back of Berserker throwing them orbs around getting something done. as I say that takes a bit of damage here as the curtains have been called. Life just being a trusty cow. Using his life as a resource. Yeah, he does use a lot of it. He does have refillable though. Yeah, he'll be all right. Has biscuits, too. Oh, Barrel has his health bar at a position that I don't see it at often, which is quite full. Okay. Yeah, cosmic binding going to connect and life is not having a lot of his namesake right now. Tempered fate going to hold him in position here as aiming going to just walk up and that means the flash has to be used. That fierce stun was such a crazy angle. Oh, here's Lucid. Uh there's Pioick. The taunt does come on down but Lucid gets kicked back and Pioick manages to make his way out now. Bulldog trying to take on Showmaker here, but the stun will come on down. And DK looking a bit worse for wear as DNF also limping away from that fight, but still gank not going to quite work out as Oh god, this is getting a bit messy here towards this bottom side of the map as well as DK trying to hold them in position. There's the flash forward, the for shot. Not going to be enough. Gets the flash with the flourish, but would have loved to get a kill on the board. And now you're so low. He is super low as the queue is going to come on through as a teleport. Okay. Um Barrel just going back home. He has meeps to protect. Okay. [Laughter] Barrel's the player who's just like so so likely to die for the cause and that time even that time like I'm out. Yeah. No, man. I'm out. You're on your own, buddy. They probably just saw the queue and they were like that's a that's a lease in on full health. We had full information. I don't think they had vision on uh I don't even healthy would come in. He just he sensed the tempo vibes and started to shift and he immediately withdrew from the situation. Um so this got very scrappy. Life came back in on low HP and they're being chased down. Aiming goes for the flash. Nearly gets him. The W comes in. It's flashed and then barrel just goes my people need me. Yeah, aiming even channelneled it before anything like he hadn't even seen the lease in. He's just got places to be. Got places to be, man. He's a busy man. The meeps were calling from the base. Um, and so he needed to go the collect the chimes. Collect the chimes as all right. That magical journey is not going to get him exactly where he wants. There is a cow. There's also Pioick as this dragon going down lower and lower. Lucid, let's see whether he can lock that one down as the exhaust now on cool down here for barrel as Bulldog once again fighting a bear. This time it's made a metal as she is not. He is not exactly coping all that well against the Duty trucks. That doesn't work. It's not like the Dante. No, it's not the same. Yeah, the D truck. Oh, that was some sick football tricks. Yeah, that was pretty. Yeah, doing some moves. Yeah, some some moves and stuff and things. I know all about the the field sports. This tipper skin's kind of crazy. It does look very intimidating. Yeah, it's also just up in Bulldog's face and he just can't kill it really. So, he's kind of just trying to pretend it doesn't exist, which is very hard to do when it's so colorful. Well, Q still looking a little worse for her, but it looks like Dudu not going to be able to go for a dive or anything like that. Having a look here at some of the stats as it looks relatively even on our screen right now, but we know that Dudu has had a fair bit of control of this lane thus far. They got a bit of a CS lead. A one gold bounty. Oh my goodness. It's doubled. Wow, that's insane. Oh, it's Oh wow. It's not It's nothing. As in goes Pio. Out goes Pyik. That's okay. He says, "All right, they need to kill Pio. He's got a 41 gold bounty. That's 41 times more than Doo's. That's insane. That's so much more. Wo. Now it's 52. Yeah, but Dudoo has actually grown to two gold. So it's it's actually it's about 36 times. It's still pretty large. Oh, but Dude, he's got a three gold. Oh my good. Four gold. This is absurd. Oh, it's down again. It's down against you. Four gold. This is still 20 times. We need to stop looking at the bounty. Seven gold. It's okay. There's nothing else to look at. You can feel free. Eight nine. This is going off the chain. Yeah. And actually, and people need us to read this for them cuz they can't read that on the screen themselves. So, this is really important work for us to do as I feel like it's such a typical thing for an Earthcast where we just see something see something shiny on the screen. Oo, here's Lucid as Bulldog not going to be able to punch any justice into. I also feel like that's how Kyoshik's le has been where he just sees something shiny on his screen, he's like, "Ooh, sonic wave." Yep. Yep. I mean, he does kind of personify the Lee syndrome, you know, where he hits a Q. He is going in. I respect it, you know. Oh, yeah. He's made it work throughout his career. You were giving two abilities for a reason. Recasting, then what are you doing? Oh, nothing. I mean, you don't do that with E, right? You always press it again. Unless you miss it. Why would you miss it? That's true. I mean, you're not really going to be pressing it for any other reason. Oh, barrels hovering. Not going to quite find anything here towards the bottom side as Berserker is still just happily clearing out minions. Kraken Slayer now done and only a few minions left before that Cull. I mean, there's a solid lead in terms of gold across the board pretty much for apart from Barrel obviously. Yeah, massive lead for Barrel. That is to be expected the support goat that he is as if DNF can start to capitalize on some objectives. Obviously fierce dragon and three went over to D+. Do have next dragon and herald spawning about the same time. See Herold moving to try and get some vision set up around this Herald. Actually looking for a little bit of an angle here. Does break the chains but uh Dudu he has the item. I mean, she's got the item that he really likes, but Doo's item a little bit too cool. The double sununded sky. Yeah. And it almost looks like triple cuz Kraken slayer kind of looks like it's in the same family of weapons. Yeah. You know, feels like it should have the same passive like cousins. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like it's just a different archetype is okay. Um, that was a bit weird. Minions being a little bit frustrating here for everyone. Deadly flourish not going to quite do too much as Pic able to tank it. And they are just going to mitigate any sort of aggression as Sor shoes are built up here by Showmaker. DK wondering where their next point of attack is going to be. 50 seconds on the Drake, 35 on the Herald, but it looks like a gank in the mid lane trying to catch the cow warding. Something like that could be the angle as aiming will slink into the fog of war. Looks like Rift Herald is going to be on the minds here of DK. If it is a trade, it will mean that feats of strength will go over to DK because they do have those two objectives already strung together. Yeah, Rift Ter probably going to be a good one though because you can likely get feats of strength if you just use the Herald to knock down a turret. That's that's one of the best ones for securing the little boots. Yep. Oh, as aiming going to get exhausted. Nice flash bin there from Life with the exhaust setup. He's been pretty good at keeping up the aggression. Uh, speaking of which, Bioshik moving into the river now as he did land a sonic wave. So that means he has to press resonating strike as Lucid just going in. Already down to 50% health as this is looking rough. He has to flash, but the flashes are all there. Tempered Fate to allow him to live a little longer. Um, and does have that broken item, but he is just going to get taken down. That is feats of warfare here for DNF and the Yara getting a kill. Oh, this is looking so good for three games. It is looking very good, especially the gold going on to Berserker and now should just be a Rift Herald pick up for DNF. Uh Lucid trying to make something happen onto the Yara, but not the easiest target. Berserka had somes, had the alult as well to give access to that dash. Yeah, they also have the global advantage as well as Dudu not going to be allowed to go home, but I don't think they're going to be diving him or anything like that. Rift Herald does go over to Pioick. Let's have a look at this play one more time. He just tries to dive in onto Berserker. The problem is you just don't have the reliable setup and there were all buttons available and things like this. Then the comes in which doesn't actually really help and just kind of ensures Berserk is getting the kill. Um the stun didn't connect as well. This is what I mean. It's like compare this to when they had to last series when there was Annie Wukong Raan and when you wanted to kill the Yara it was like okay dead. Yeah. Um, not really the same level of engage here and it's a little bit worrying. Well, Double Dragon does come in and it's Infernal Soul this is a good one. It's not too bad. Allow them to do a fair bit of extra damage in this game. Meep slap out there from barrel. Avoids the slur and the sonic wave as just going to drive Shelly into this turret. Not going to be able to take it completely but gets very very close. Yep. So they're going to try and push for it right now. Y wings should be able to get a couple autos. There it is. They had duty on Bulldog in the wings just roaming down to make sure. Yep, that is fea strength as well. So very nicely done here by DNF. Upgrading some shoes. Showmaker finds a stun. Puts down a bear and is able to run away from he missed the cannon as a result. Oh no. Felt really bad. But he might be able to get a tipp and that's worth maybe not quite as not quite as much at this stage of the game. Okay. Uh that is a public execution here on Dudoo is aiming. We're going to try and get some damage down himself. Shu will he get pulled back? There's the flash in but my god the healing is disgusting. Just not quite enough to get through the curtains that have been called. Oh that's just he just gave him 50 gold. Showmaker and now he's tagged by Local as the redemption comes in. Lucid in so much trouble and he'll get taken down as well. A huge dive as life is just taking control in this game. He's doing so much, you know, having the Alistister there to dive so easy to make it work. Lucid trying to protect his mid laner there and they just both end up getting caught up. And now DNF with a pretty sizable gold lead and so much that so much of that gold in the right spot on the Yarara. We see here Ruk connects the force. He just ends up getting chased down. I think maybe could have autoed aiming there. Yeah, maybe. And and got the healing. It does so much for the sun's sky. I mean, you saw how much he healed off Hugh if he went for that initial auto on aiming and then way I think probably would have still died in the longer play, but maybe would have survived longer. Um here though, there's nothing they could have done. They were dead. Yeah, they were very very dead. Life also unbreakable will means that he's able to tank the turret for days. Never under too much risk. So TNF in a really good position to win this game. 4,000 gold their lead approximately they are missing out on some dragons. That is something I guess and going to be up in 1 minute's time. That will be the next point of contention on this map that our teams will need to prepare for. It's on the top side of the map and team's kind of leaning down towards this side of the map instead right now. Now lucid in position tagged by that circle as in goes Pyic once again gets the kick back looking for Showmaker here but I don't know whether it's necessarily what he wants as now the Jin is going to open up and Pic takes the first two bullets. Bulldog gets tempered faded for some reason. Um I think they were tempered fading to stop them from blocking shots but unfortunately life was there to to block. Didn't get enough of them. But uh you can see Pio going for the highlight play. He wanted to kick barrel into his and then just he scored a goal. He did. That was it. He kicked him between the posts and that's why you use that skin, you know. Yeah, as I guess that goal has a net, but you know, it's about the same. All right. You know, we've all played on a field where the the goal didn't have a net. Ah, that's a good point. When we're younger, nets, a lot of maintenance in them, they often just break and then someone has to run back and grab the ball after every time. So, when you put a screamer in, you know, has to go run and get it. It does get annoying. All right, Chio and Lucid throwing out some progs and the gold lead only extending here. DK looking for a bit of an angle around this Artakans will be able to put down some control vision. And is there a level of hope? Because I'm looking at this and I'm seeing that DNF's composition is still just going to feel great. Yeah. As this game goes on, I think DNF's composition feels great as the game goes on. I think Inar is super strong as a carry. I think they're going to scale very well. But there's a big caveat to all this. Yeah, there we go. Well, let's see whether this is what the DN freaks want as Showmaker is running up the river or swimming or something as Sh looking to try and dash out of the way, but finds the public execution then trying to get back to the rest of his team as the tempered fate to try and buy some time as the Ambessa somehow lives for such a long time. I think Alio is still going to come on through though and Lucid not going to be able to heal himself up enough. There is the curtains being called but it is for DK. Is that is that a quadrickill? Yes, it is for this Yara and it is almost a sweet guarantee that we are going to six games this evening. I feel like the fight started a little bit slowly. You know, it was kind of a ramp up sort of fight where initially D plus survived for a good amount of time. Shu uh taking a long time to go down with this old to reposition this ult from barrel as well, but eventually Berserker is just really easing into it. Finds a window to move forward and then just starts shredding here. Takes out Lucid. Oh man. Moves up on Showmaker, moves up on Barrel, explodes both of them, and then gets in aiming's face. And uh yeah, we talked about maybe the lack of tools to deal with Yara. That's the thing. you leave this pick open. I feel like your full comp has to be focused around can we shut this pick down. Exactly. And I don't think DK have those tools available. They certainly do not. So a little bit disrespectful there, but they are getting punished for it, which is certainly fantastic here for DNF as back out onto the rift once again. And I mean 6.5k surmountable is it's it's not looking good. He's left. He's left the building. Yeah. Um it is in fact in uh surmountable unfortunately. Oh yeah. Would would surmountable be in the building then cuz it's he's in in insurmountable. Yeah. I guess he's in. We'll have to talk to sur. We'll have to figure it out. It's very con. We say his name all the time and yet uh we don't know anything about how he is as barrel. Oh the fake out. Everyone's asking where is hemountable? Not how is he mountable? Well, are we asking how is barrel? And the answer would be soon to be dead. How does he feel about that? Not entirely sure. Um I think I think barrel's fine with it. Yeah, as we can see in the player camp expression has not really changed. He's playing body. If you got to pick up chimes, he's happy. Yeah, you know that's his I think he did get a few chimes there in his little excursion. I think his his objective often does align with winning the game, but it it doesn't always. Right now, his objective is collecting chimes because I think winning the game, it's it's a little bit too much off on a tangent. It's a bit too He's like, you know what, that's way over there. I'm just going to focus on this. I think it's the right call. Maybe what what should happen is like it should be got the chimes though when he dies. Yeah, that's the if he collects enough chimes, they do scale infinitely, right? True. There you go. as public execution going to come on through. Bulldog flashes away though. Shu looking a bit worse for wear. That is a big burst of damage but nothing that's actually going to get too much still. Showmaker does take an inner turret towards the bottom side. That might be something. Somehow there's no bounties up even though it's a 6,000 gold lead here at 24 minutes. Ski comes on over, looks for barrel, finds the kickback angle, doesn't quite get him over the wall, but gets him close enough to Dudu to make sure that the bard is once again dead. He had someone that he needed to have a chat to in the beyond and he certainly has an opportunity to do so yet again. That felt a little bit personal just kicking his own teammate into the wall. Um, you know, I'm not going to read too much into it. Uh, yeah, this play actually this looks like for a brief slight moment maybe you see Berserker take some damage, you're like, "Oh, that was a big that was a big hit from the Jin." And then you realize that nothing's going to come from it because Lucid's dead, Shiu's low, and Showmaker's not even there. And here, yeah, Kyoshik goes, you know what, Barrel, take that. And he did. He talked that. He did. Um, you can say a lot of things about Barrel, but you can't say that he's a coward. No one has ever said that ever about this player. Actually, you know what? There was a certain play earlier. No, no, no. He had places to be. There were chimes to collect. Okay. He wasn't scared of dying. He just He didn't even know there was anyone coming in a business arrangement. Yeah. All right. Magical Journey going to get denied here by Life who does pop the ulti pretty early. Still DK. They do not want this. And you can understand exactly why. Showmaker is spotted now. Slightly out of position. Breaks the chain. The life is going to find him. The exhaust goes down and the Annie is dead before she can do anything. Public execution just because she knew he had no way out. He'll go down as well. Man, this is utter domination here on the rift for DNF. 9.4,000 gold is the lead as DK Yeah, I think take some kugs. That's probably about the option here as the Baron going to get started. And I just don't know if there's any way DK can dissuade them from just taking this. Yeah, members playing disruption to try and stop Lucid getting in. Yeah, flash curtain call does come on through here as the rest of DNF diving on over. In goes Lucid trying to get the angle. He flashes into the pit and they stop the aggro. Down it will go. Pos gets back over. That is Baron. That was a clean play. He did get in the pit. Yeah, that's true. He made it. Um Yeah. So, I mean they were setting up for a play here from D plus that blue trinket. Great read from DNF to spot out Showmaker Life with the W flash combo to find Showmaker. And then you can see Berserker is trying to like move on to the next target. He's like, "Well, I guess I've got to finish off Shiu. Got to finish my dinner my dinner before I go for the dessert." Yeah, you can see he's he wants to chase down the other kills, but he has to finish off the first target. They don't end up for more. And then here, Lucid, um, he tries. He did show them that he could get into the pit. Yeah, he proved that he could. Yeah. And isn't that isn't that what we're going for? It's it's it's part of the battle 100%. If the goal was getting in the If that's what wings you the game, just getting in the pit, then he succeeded. Yeah. If the nexus was there at one health, he might have been able to do. He did die as soon as he got in the pit, so I'm not even sure that would have won the game, but but he would have been close. Yeah. And sometimes that's what matters. You know, my mom always said it's the thought that counts. Uh when I when I gave a bad gift. So my looking for an angle. Speaking of angles, she gets into that back line, but the pulveriz is there to answer. Oh, speaking of pulverized, where' they go? Yeah, show just disappeared. Lucid going to follow suit as Berserker just cleanses cuz he can. Heroic entrance. And it's not all that heroic if the game is basically already over. That is going to be the ace here. Lives. Okay. Um, yeah, DNF, they're just going to finish off these nex turrets. And guess what, ladies and gentlemen, we get it. The third game in the series. DNF managing to win one against DK here in rounds 3 through five. And they might even be able to win a series, but not exactly inspiring if you're a DK fan looking to the future. Well, we have one on the space. I'm sure you'll be able to discuss this. But DNA coming up big, you know, getting the Yara for Berserker, a pick we've seen him pop off on before. We know this this H team can do so well when the AD carries and the hyper carry. How happy that fan is. Oh yeah. But also Biosha going on the lease in. He just popped off. You know, he followed every Q. He folded hard and it worked. The most diehard DNF fan ever. I swear we see him every single time. By the way, he is uh very very dedicated much like that other guy that was demonstrating all of his DNF tickets. But now Orcs, it is time for us to take a short break. But guess what? We get to come back for the sixth time tonight for game number three. First, the space. See you soon. Uh never mind. We're going to bring this one up instead and have a look at some of the stats. There they are. The music kind of uh it kind of ganked me. Yeah, that was some big damage from Brazil. Yeah. And the gold graph so smooth. Wasn't really Rise vibes. Oh man, you were talking about Roller Coaster Tycoon. You were talking about Hot Wheels ramps. Oh, that would be a great It looks like both of those. It's a little bumpy at one point. But you know what? We'll smooth it out. Yeah, we will. We'll be like You just need a sander or something like that. You'll be fine. Even a chisel kids, right? Yeah. On that note, we're going to go to a short break when we get back to space. And then game number six. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Okay. Secure the ship. That's good. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Had another Happy [Music] [Music] night. We are born to be now. We rise. Yeah, darling. Darling, darling, running at me. Pink flash. Ping pink flash. Pink pink flash. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Hello and welcome back to the We're here after game number two where DNF were able to take down DK and DK are coming up. You got to look in. What are we doing? Well, dude, do you think they're practicing for plans? Do you think this is a little bit of like limit testing perhaps versus DNA? I mean, he was asking me, bro. I just Yeah, I can definitely say that because they were trying some gene on aiming. We all know that it's not working out, but they tried again. And I mean, they were winning some lane, but they unfortunately I think Pio just punished on the bot lane in the early game. It was just unlucky. I would say nothing to do with luck. Um I think that uh as we see with DK uh they are clearly just the same team which some of us would be surprised by if not for the fact that they um should at this point have learned the lesson of not trusting the team. Don't know who that would specifically refer to but uh certainly gave you a better I also uh jokes aside and my mental breakdown notwithstanding want to highlight that DNF kind of continue the upgrade in form that we've seen them over like I want to say round four this kind of started where I think they're still at the bottom of the group right they're more towards the uh territory where DRX and Bro are kind of sitting now as well but they're no longer at the point where they are a free win and I thought we saw that again very clearly in this game number two yeah we absolutely did I I think it's really a good shout to DNF that they were able to stand up to a team as good as DK. We just take a look at the early highlights here which um again essentially run by DNF. Very proactive in their plays on the bottom lane. Yeah. Uh I think uh in the first place DK was trading really hard with bot lane and Pic just decided to give up the crux and just gank bot lane and level three and even though they got the killed uh by Pic they were just trying to punish the bot lane. once again. But again, you got kind of ganked again. Barrel's work here is done. Oh, yeah. He didn't do anything. Doesn't matter. Um and and I mean this is this is a funny moment because he should TP out there, right? Like especially with the TP coming or with the Gallot coming in. He isn't really up to Barrel and really for me this is kind of what happens to the DK sometimes where I feel like we shouldn't actually blame any indiv cuz you can look at aiming wasn't that great. Lucid obviously had a really rough game on Zenzo. But I think this is just sometimes what happens to DK where every player collectively is just like and then this happens where um just kind of falls apart. Those ollie ganks you might say like it's just ollie ganks, right? But whenever you think about their team comp, they have Gin Bard and Annie and Jin Xiao in the team cup. That means you have to snowball really hard in the early game, but you failed which they should be able to. That's what the comp does. Instead, they got snowballed against and uh there is a specific fight that we really want to dig into here as Wad TV will make its return. Why did take it away? So, yeah, this is what happens. You cannot fail to snowball with the snowball team comp. So, here's the situation that they get engaged on, but disengage with the Bard ulti was perfect. But what can you do after that? So, there is two options that you can do. So, first you can go on the target who's not ulted by Bard, which is Atrox here in this case. But you really cannot one-shot this target. Look at the look at the HP like little is the bar cord. So, you really cannot oneot with the gene or any. So, you cannot go on this target. But second, you cannot go on the main target as well cuz Annie currently has no flash in this situation. So, which means that he cannot actually reach to the the main target. So, you can roll the clipia. what happens like they're they're just going to get zoned by Atrox and they cannot even go on the targets here. So that means they should not be in this situation where they have a good team comp. So I think they should just be able to snowball earlier before this happens here and they don't. And for DNF with this composition if you do get to the mid game I think mid game is where this comp really thrives gets online. You have Gallo who's gone through somewhat subpar laning phase and then gets the impact side lanes. But it really was, as much we criticize, also just a very cleanly snowballed game from DNF. They have actually been able to consistently get leads in lane. It's been the snowballing afterwards that's been a trouble. Even if you think back to like round one and two, even against really good teams, this team was able to get leads. It's just actually winning. And for DK, obviously, if they don't invert the momentum, that has been one of their biggest weaknesses. Yeah. Again, I want to talk about the pillik. I think he played perfect on his Lein pick. We don't pick Le because it's too risky. You have to like do so much more in the early game, but I think he did such a great He took the responsibility about the snowballing the early game. Uh which make really successful ganks on the bot lane twice in a row and I think that snowballed the game really hard for DNF. Yeah, it's just like some games shows up to his his form that he used to have in the past. I think they would have uh would have loved to see that consistency a little bit earlier on in the season, but unfortunately uh we just get it occasionally on stuff like Shinja and stuff like Lein and uh you know maybe that leadership will come back in the future for Pyic can only hope and maybe they get an opportunity here in game number three as we are done here on the space. Let's go back to the double A casters. Thank you very much, gentlemen. And on a day where you could be watching the lower finals of VCT Pacific, you could be watching the grand final of Geogessa. You're here with us and we are watching a game three of the Rise Group and we know this is precisely the place to be. Plus, we can play Summoner's Rift. Geogesser, where is Barl right now? probably teleporting to the base. And by base, I mean his own base. Uh is is how that one how that one goes. Uh oh man, I cannot wait for this game three. Uh it's going to be the first time that DK are on the blue side. But what are they going to pick? champions because well I mean yes that's probably true but they just let Wukong go over to the blue side in the game one where they picked on first and the next game they let Yara go through with their response being just question marks all over the screen. Yes. What are they going to do here? Well, first pick Zillian, Aurora, Gwen, pretty high priority. Um, obviously things like Azir and Pantheon presumably are banned. Yara doesn't need to be banned by DNF cuz obviously it was taken away by Fearless. True. Uh, that might solve some issues for them. Yeah, but Javin is also not available as well. Ah, Civer is also not available because that was picked into Javin. Um, that was a large issue in game number one. Aurora, like you were talking about, is going to be banned away. Setting up for a Gwen first pick, maybe. Not anymore. Um, no fun allowed. Setting up for a Gwen first ban. Yeah. And they're they're banning Pantheon. This is going to prevent the enemy team and themselves from playing Pantheon. Interesting. Does this mean that Azir is going to be their priority? I mean, DNF are definitely banning Azir. Well, I say that with 100% certainty. I hope as only someone who is casting a rise group game can I hope they ban it as well and then ban Poppy cuz then they can demonstrate what happened in the bottom. Never mind. That is not Azir. Geoguru as the Ziggs ban comes on through here for DK. Okay, that's it. There we go. Interesting. Yeah. Um, I mean, you know how I feel about Zigs, but I necessarily expect him to be banned first rotation. Okay. Well, uh, let's see what the first pick is going to be. A lot of things that are pretty high priority have actually already been taken away. Uh, like the TIA, uh, and like the Annie, nothing really standing out as far as Okay, the VI is of course a big one for Lucid. They will lock that one in. I think especially with so many junglers taken away kind of stands out. Uh it does you could take Poppy into it though. Oh yeah, true. Well, the rise is going to be the answer to the mid lane. Certainly feeling like the highest priority one. And there is the Corki. Some pretty big picks to be locked away here by the DN Freaks. Rise has had sort of middling performance as far as the outcomes are concerned, but Corki has been very strong in the right hands. But this does give Vari over if they'd like to take it. You could also take Vari Poppy to avoid getting popped. Um, but it does put your Poppy pretty face up. Obviously, you can flex it towards the top side of the map, but I don't know whether you necessarily want to. Let's see exactly what does happen. Also, you do become a bit susceptible to a Trundling. Yeah, you can't take Kaiser here. If you want to get your hands on something like the Zeri or even the Varys, now is kind of the time. Um, or the Renekton. I mean, you can take Renekton here, but I'm just saying, you know, if you want to prioritize your AD carry, going to have to do it now or it's going to get targeted, I feel. Yeah. Um, for the DM freaks, maybe just match top if there's something you really think you want to secure into that. Looks like they're looking at jungle, though. Well, they're cycling through a bunch of stuff. The Hecarum was certainly a lot of fun for Pio and they're just going to lock Kindred. Okay, this is the last game for the DN Freaks. I mean, also thematically does work into what D plus have given. Like one of the things with Ari is that reset potential, killing targets, getting the resets, getting the momentum. Same with the buy and the rectton single target CC to find that momentum. Kindred is a momentum killer in fights. So true. And also like this is Pik's namesake and getting a Kindred game in before the end of the season for the DMs is just a beautiful thing. I had a question for you. What's that? So I know of two really well-known uh pro players who are known for that Kindred and I was wondering who do you think is better, Pyick from the LCK or Mark from the LCS? Who do you think is a better Kindred? That's such a big one. Um, well, Pyuk did win a world final. That's true. But Mark in that match against T1 worlds 2023, oh man, he was he wasn't playing the Kindred in that moment though. He was playing Lein. So, I don't know. I'd probably go with the LCK one. That's fair. I just thought I'd ask you. Yeah. No, it's a really good question though cuz they're such similar players. Looks kind of similar as well. If you told me that they were related, I would believe you. I guess kindred players just they have from the same cloth as it were. Okay, Ezil Ban comes through away from D+. Um I feel like this is a pretty a zerable angle. I feel like ooh for aiming honestly I could see him bringing it out there. Poppy band does come through uh obviously something they could play in support but would have a decent amount of value into what D plus have brought and it looks like it's just going to be the real life engage supports actually not that many engage supports gone all things considered there was still like the ra but like happy to take the init was available as well but is banned here Leona is up so that is something that they could go towards or the Lucian Braum keep it mid game you know and mid-range by the looks of things at the same time oh this this is uh defos are not here for a long time no they are here for a good time um or not a good time. We will just have to see because I think Lamb's Respite might be able to get a fair bit of value in this game as the Dante is being picked up. I actually kind of love Casante when you've got a Kindred because you just get to put down the Lamb's Respite and then Dudu gets to pick which one dies. Yeah, just pulls someone out and takes them down. This is kind of fun this team composition here from the DN Freaks on the D plus Kia side. They are going to win in the mid game or they are going to die a horrible death is kind of how it's going to be. Very true. Uh I also feel like the the rise pretty good into the Yari. You know I feel like the bot lane match up can be a little bit tricky but once a Corki gets rolling he's going to be fine. So I think DNF I mean it really comes down to the Kindred as well. Such a feast of farming champion. Yep. Um we'll see how that goes. But I think the fact that the mid lane match up is good gives a lot of hope for what Koshi can do on this pick. I'm very interested in how this one's going to go. I love the send off. The fact that Pio can play his Kindred in the final game and they've got a composition for it that kind of works. You know, they've got some front line in the Casante like you were talking about the Rise in a good matchup and I think the bottom lane bottom lane should be just fine even if the Braum Lucian has found some value. A bit harder for you know this Braum to really live up to its its potential when it's being piloted by Barrel. You know, Bram and Bard are the opposite sides of the spectrum. You know what I mean? That's what I sort of feel. Let's think on that as we get onto the rift. All [Music] [Applause] right, here we are onto the rift. I don't know whether you necessarily needed to think about the spectrum of Bum Um, as I let it sit, kind of felt weird about it. Yeah, I'm not so sure. Yeah, cuz they both, you know, who is on the far end of like on the opposite end of the bar in that spectrum though? Um, would it be more like Karma or Jana or something? Saraka, what are you judging the spectrum on? So, it's more about like uh varants of performance possible. Oh, so like who has like really consistent performances? Yeah. As a champion, not necessarily as a like a player. But like Bard performances can be like horrific or amazing, you know, with how tempered fate works. Oh my god, Yumi is the other side of the coin. You are absolutely correct. Yeah. Uh Bangu in chat also pointing it out immediately. Uh respect to you as well. No, that is absolutely true. I do have an important point to raise. Please. So, it's been widely agreed that when it comes to Corki skins, there's a there's a correct choice. Yes. But we do have a new Corki skin. Yeah, the new contender. What do we think? I mean, obviously the the Corgi skin is phenomenal. It is. I'm not saying this is dethroning it, but this one does seem pretty cool. And so, I thought it was still definitely the Corgi skin until I saw the little eggs that Oh, it's No, no. Have you seen the Valkyrie drops? Yeah, it drops the eggs. But have you noticed here? Oh yeah, it's in the little eggs in the claw. So like as you're valkying, drops and fries the eggs on the way through. Oh my god. You know what it makes me think of? What does chicken run? Yes. Oh, that movie was actually so good. Yeah. Isn't the cast in that movie like absurd as well? I watched it when I was a kid. I didn't even know who the cast was, but it it was a banger. It might be a different one that I'm thinking of, but I'm pretty sure they had some pretty amazing actors in that film. Um, we could look it up. I mean, we've got an early game. I know Fantastic Mr. Fox has a banger. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the one with like George Clooney and Brad Pitt and stuff. I think it does have one of the two. Mel Gibson was in Chicken Run. Was he? Yeah. I mean, he I liked Apocalyptto. Um, but otherwise, is that the only notable name in Chicken Run? Yeah. Is that really what happened? See who you recognize. Oh god, you're right. I take it back. Chicken one wasn't exactly the greatest, but Fantastic Mr. Fox is probably what I was thinking about. Yeah, Fantastic Mr. Fox is pretty star. So, that is also great film. Yeah, I feel just got owned. All right. Uh, Dudu facing off here on the top side. This is a matchup that we have seen about a billion times. Good old Renekton versus Casante. And it is about the same that it used to be, except that now Dominus is better. And so, the Renekton's probably feeling a little bit better than he used to. Uh, Pic will be able to roll high by the looks of things. Is that a mark on the first one? Oh, has he nailed it? I don't know. I'm looking around the screen to I don't think so. No. So, I think he low rolled. Um, sometimes you lose the 50/50. Can we just Can you FF now? Just Yeah. Yes. Can I have a redo? Yeah. I think uh sometimes it just needs to needs to happen like that with Kindreds. You know what I feel like they should do? What should they do? They should make it so Kindred always gets a mark from his first scuttle and then bounce him around that cuz I think the 50/50 I'm going to say it. I think it's a little cringe. It is a little cringe. It's just the the whole game being flipped on whether but isn't it like the most potic thing in the world to burger flip an entire game off one happen stance in the early game? Yeah, but I feel like it's more fun like the Kindred burger flips I like is when it's like let's invade the enemy jungler. at level two and if I kill him, we win. If I don't, we lose. Those are the ones I like. Yeah. I guess you have a bit more agency there. You decide whether you want to throw the game for yourself or not. Exactly. Whereas the rift decides for Kindred. Yeah. And obviously it's not that like it's not all over, but what was like we had a Kindred performance where where it was like they had three marks by like 30 minutes or something like that. It was just not it. Um, this happened a little uh a little while earlier as DNF are going to find barrel and a brush and he holds the door. Yeah, I mean I feel like as long as you hit four, four is where you get like the big range upgrade and you become a champion after that. It's kind of whatever. You know, you obviously get buffs every three. Um, but it's it's like the buffs after every three are a lot more minor. So, let's just hope he gets those first four and then you're kind of chilling. Yep. Uh Lucid is going to find a control ward here in this dragon pit as barrel is so far up but so is aiming does get the door there prepared for himself as Lucid is going to have to back away as Pio came in to be annoying. Reset is going to come through here on this dragon. It's a very early dragon. Barrel isn't laning. He's tribe rushing. This is Yeah, I don't think you want to tango with a Kindred around when you're already low on HP. Yep, definitely not tangoing. can confirm lack of tango. All right, going to take a little damage here, but does use the crash down for the shield. And Bulldog's teleported back. Does have his tier as well as a couple of rocks that he's feeling pretty good about. Got a bit of a farm lead in the Oh, there's very nicely done. Using his own skin, of course, someone will use his own skin. Barrel doesn't have a Braum skin. uh in his Yeah, but even if he was playing a champion with which he had a skin for Yeah. You know, he wouldn't use it. Yeah. Who even knows that he has a skin for Leona and for Ash? Yeah. I think he has used his Ash skin before. We've had less windows to use the Ash skin recently. Yeah, true. And yet I think he's used that infinitely more times than he's used his Leona skin. Yeah. Which I just don't really understand cuz it's a pretty cool skin. I don't know. I use it. But maybe that's cuz I'm like barrel fan number one. Base Braum skinning right now. Yeah, which is odd. Braum has some of the greatest skins of all time. The new VAB skin. Yep. I think he almost always uses the Christmas skin as well. Yeah, the Christmas skin is pretty great where you get the sle when you're coming out from home guards. Yeah. And being able to block things with a chimney just feels robust, you know. So good. There's a lot of good skins for anyone. The rotisserie is definitely the best. Yeah, like just kebabs in my League of Legends. Extraordinary. Now you're making me hungry. I mean, it's getting late. If you didn't have dinner, then maybe happened. Maybe Barl was hovering that skin and then he his his stomach grumbled and he went, "No, I can't." And he switched. He was like, "I can't go through a whole game without skin." So he quickly switched and he just he clicked cuz like since it's your newest skin Yeah. skin and that's how he ended up here. We've worked it out. We Yeah, we figured it. Yeah. And at least now we know. Well, actually it might be that it's put the idea into his head and now he's just going to be distracted for the rest of the game anyway. But we will be able to tell based on the game play whether or not that has happened. So we'll keep tabs on it and you guys can play at home as well. Fortunately, as professional casters, we won't get distracted. No, of course not. No, absolutely not. We never get distracted by anything. Never have. Not Not a one gold bounty, not a two gold bounty, and definitely not a seven gold bounty. We've never been distracted by them at all. As Barrel's going to get jumped on yet again, this time Gosh is there bringing Lamb and Wolf along with him. You know, I always think about cuz the the sort of normal is you put your mark in the enemy jungler. That's what you always see, right? You always put your mark in the enemy jungler. It's very rare to see a different situation. We all know where Pyik's mark should be though. That's what I was alluding to. You know, just as as he was walking up to that brush, I was thinking it a little bit like maybe maybe there's a target. This is how we hit the four marks, baby. He is playing Braum. Uh a more frustrating champion to kill. Yeah, as Shu has pressed his R button. somewhat so far as Pyick going to give himself a thumbs up as he does manage yeah manage to get his second one halfway there Cullen has aiming is that the other Uzi skin by the way I think it is right oh maybe Aiming can like win on both Uzi skins in this series that'll be funny is that all he's going for really maybe that's what it is maybe it's a shout out to the to the AD carry goat you know I mean they have already locked their place in playins and everything and their place in the standings. So, maybe this was never about Yeah. anything else. I mean, when Aiming was in the LPL, I'm not entirely sure what his relationship with Uzi was. Um, but maybe they were mates. You never know. Maybe trying to give him a bit of a shout out or maybe just a lot of respect for one of the best players of all time. Okay, Koshik is still just clearing out the jungle, but uh he's only ahead by a little bit as far as farm is concerned compared to Lucid and DK have about a 500 gold lead largely based on what uh aiming has done which has been acrewing a 25 CS lead. Yeah, decently. When did that happen? Were we distracted by talking about Barrel? It happened early on. So, I mean it's built up a little bit more since then, but it has happened early on. You know that moment when uh barrel was like when aiming got jumped on by light the reason like barrel was hovering out of the lane they were like pretty aggressively pushing them under the tower and uh turning them away. They have had pressure quite a while is now marked not barrel or pure shik sorry we should say and he knows that he's coming on over but also shu is nowhere near the wall. That's a flash in from Dudu. A flash out from Shu is going to get him to safety, but Luc is going to take the opportunity to take a dragon here towards the bottom side. So, you get marked. That's one sign. Enemy Casante all outs you and then flashes on you. I wonder if they're trying to take H. I wonder. Well, he's still going to find Koshik here. You know, I think Shu's intuition did not fail him there. No, he intuited well. Yeah. Um but it's still going to lose a plate. Uh it's still two of the first objectives going over to DK though and they hold on to a gold lead as Doo between turrets isn't necessarily as strong as he really wants to be as far as fighting or Renekton there especially when their health bars are tied and another wave is going to crash. So FIC is this another mark? It might actually be. Yeah. Three three. Okay. My goodness. He is off to the races. He's nearly there. That's why that's why they call him Pyic. He's good at getting the Pixiks. There you go. I mean, once he's at four, you're chilling, honestly. And the thing is, this game has been going pretty slow paced. Yeah. Hence why we've been kind of talking about a lot of other things. But um I mean, to be honest, in the fast-paced games, we also talk about a lot of other things. Yeah. But then we use Okay, you're right. I can't. But at least we can use as an excuse when that's a very good point. That's a very good point. But I think for D plus, you know, you have this composition where you want to spike in the mid game and they still have the potential to do that. But I think DNF just kind of surviving getting some marks for their jungler. They're going to feel really good about this, right? Bulldog has completed his Ro of Ages stacking up tier. Berserker, he's stacking up his tier as well. If you can get to that two item spike, get four stacks on. You're feeling good. Well, you're also feeling good if you lose it here. looking for an angle onto Bulldog who gets pulled into the red pit and then charmed up. Orbiter Setum comes down and there is the kill secured. First blood actually here at 13 minutes into the game. Kind of late to be honest. You mentioned already that it was a slow game. I believe you. I think would have just been better to hold the flash. I think there's one of those situations where into Vari once the VI is kind of wrapping around behind you, you're just dead. Yeah. Um, and the AR can always follow uh because of the fact the ultimate, the fact that they didn't even have to use flashes to get you. Yeah, as soon as you see Lucid there, I think it's just all over. And we know that that was indeed the case. Like showmaker could have even gone over the wall and didn't bother to. No. And he is shocked Teemo about it as well. As we can see, his malignance is done. Bit of a bigger spike here than the Rod of Ages, but that will pay off later in this game. Also nice getting the ultimate hunter style. Oh dear. Well, Dominus is going to be utilized here by Shu, but he's just thrown around like a ragd doll and will get taken down by Pyic, who I believe gets a mark for it. Never mind. That was still on by. Never mind. Yeah, we put it back on by. Yeah, doing a lot of switcher room. Yeah, deliberating between Still a good kill to get. Oh, gets it out of there. Wants to play it safe. And tower picked up as well for DNF. So, first of the game. Yep. Second one is going to go down here towards the bottom side, but that'll be a little bit late. So, clawing back the gold lead here. And you can see 200 is all that it is now. I mean, D has a massive lead over Shiru right now. Yeah, it's huge. As Berserker also looking for an angle towards Showmaker. Yeah, he also pops the fist bump as he does it. makes it look like he wanted to punch. Sometimes it's about sending a message. Message received, I think, is the takeaway on this one. And I think it's interesting because I think a lot of it, a lot of this uh lead that Dudu has is based on, you know, lane swaps and how things sort of happened in the earlier stages of the game. Like there's give and take. There's the fact that aiming is ahead and Dudu is ahead on the other side. But the advantage for Dudu is very, very large. Yeah. All right, Rift Herald going to get started up. This will be the objective. Feats of strength going over to DK if they can lock it in. But Yoshic looking for an angle. Dance of arrows gets him towards Barrel here as there's the culling just to dissuade them from coming over. But everyone's here on DNF's side. Shu now looking for an angle. Doesn't have flash though. But there's the vault breaker to bring them on top of Dudu. The steal for Pyic is fantastic. But Bulldog just blows up off to the side and over the wall goes loose and he's out and he's back in again. I don't know about that one as he just gets magnetized and the lambs spike comes in. There's the pull away but I don't know whether that was the target that Dudu really wanted to get as now Pic he's able to get over the wall but the rest of them they just get destroyed as DK they lose the objective but they win everything else. Yeah, big fight win there for D+. They lose out on the Herald. It looks like maybe they're going to lose the fight. Yoshi gets his fourth mark, gets the kill onto the enemy jungler. He's going to get he barrel uh didn't quite have the unsealed spellbook smite. Um but did have a winter's bite in a dream. So they end up kind of peeling into the pit here. Lucid does a lot of damage to Dudu. Uh we see the rise kind of just gets focused down off the side and exploded. And then when Lucid goes in the pit, you know, the redemption comes down. They also have the Kindred to buy time. Then Dudu drags the Renekton out and just dies. And then the Braum kind of blocks the rest of them in and there's just not really anything they can do. I think I think Jud kind of made a mistake there with the alult cuz they could have just focused down the Rex and try to explode him after the ult. Instead, dragging him away really just didn't do them any favors. Yeah, that was kind of what I was referring to before with the fact that you can pull the target away, but maybe don't do it when you have three health. Yeah, that might be the way against him there. And perhaps not the Renekton either. Like as well if he'd gotten the heal and then had it used his ult to sustain back up a bit, maybe could have could have more of a fight if cuz it would have essentially been a 4v4 coming out of the alt. Maybe if they burst down the Renekton. Yeah, could have been a potential angle. Speaking of angles, barrel is going to be able to stand beside aiming and that will be able to keep him alive. There was a rise rotating over. does have those four stacks so he is starting to be a lot more of a threat now. Yep, it's scary. They are down in gold though overall. Our barrel once again going to be taking a fair bit of damage. Has the redemption in position will be able to keep him alive with that as the drake secured there by DK. It's a mountain soul once again here today. Feel like this has been the season of mountain souls. Been quite a few of them. Been a bit rough. It has. Uh it certainly has. Decent amount of elevation of dragon as Bulldog holding on to this wave. Shu going to be patiently waiting for his next one. And he was a huge benefactor of that last situation because he was the big lead, right? Like that was where Dudu was finding so many angles. And now Shu is 300 gold ahead. Yeah. I mean, he got so many kills from that. Oh, did a lot of damage to aiming. Yeah, Winter's Bite is going to miss. So, Berserker can continue just throwing rockets relentlessly. And Showmaker looking for an angle here. Let's see whether DNF decided to take the bait. The Showmaker was making his way over, but they do not. That tower is so low, but so is aiming. So, I think it's a little difficult to step up as a unit. Maker will be able to cover the wave and sort of step in in hisstead, but they can take that turret at any time. Yeah. Oh man, the fadeaway ignite. I love that. It's a lot of vibes. Lucid will be able to take this grump and look for another play. 2.5k is the gold lead. It is not insignificant here for DK. It's very spread across the board in this game. So yeah, maybe that's why it doesn't feel quite as big cuz it's not an individual situation. Yeah, we've had these I mean the last series it was very much like, oh, 2,000 gold lead, where is it? And there carries every single time. Um, all right. Back door bonus not really going to matter too much when Barl is just happy to tank things up. Yeah, tower that low. They can just finish off trying to put down a little bit of pressure. Again, this is the point where are really calm. As I said before, Barrel not a coward, you know, he will always press the button. He did this on the Nico game as well. Remember when he just in the middle of nowhere? Yeah, I think he was at least aiming towards theoretically where life had the potential to be. Yeah, that's true. I clutched with a lot of straws and I think I missed. Yeah, you know, there's a lot of straws on the floor right now. Yeah, alongside that alt. Yeah, it's um it's just me casting a barrel game. Um pile of straws pretty much. But it it is this is the point where D plus strong. They have a sizable gold lead. They're hitting that two item spikes. You know, Aiman's already on his showmaker just picked up the storm surge. So I I think really this is a point where with anakan up and available Yeah. Dragon Soul point in 2 minutes. They can start to try and look for uh really breaking this game open or throwing the game away. Also very very possible and very funny. That would be all right. Let's see whether they go for the comedic angle right now. They do have full vision of the Articon area. Are they our who are our most comedic team, bro? Probably DK. It's whatever team has barrel on it in my opinion. Yeah, they can be pretty funny cuz bro aren't funny. They're wholesome. Yeah, I also find it pretty funny because you know obviously was a big D+ fan so it makes it even more funny. It it does add to the funny. He was very funny on the space. I did like his uh his breakdown and not like breaking down the play more like just him breaking down. It works on so many levels. It does. He's so good at his job. He does it. and he does the thing in multiple different ways as all right we're going for it yet again the ulti is back up not punished for dropping those straws on the floor as DNF getting pushed out of their own jungle they are a long way away the from the other now as this red buff looking to get secured and there it goes will be uh picked up by showmaker it's very hard for them to contest space right now see respectful of D+ doing a lot of damage barrel not alting bad in that moment. Holding on to it. He is an enigma, is he not? He's saving it for a more pristine moment. He's saving it for when he's alone in the jungle. Yeah, of course. Okay, I think Anakan maybe uh going to be ignored a little bit with dragon spawning in 20. It's still a big lead for D plus. That's a lot of damage now. Yep. But we have completed two items for Shiru, for Lucid. Berserk is close to having his manam immune stacked up. Very close. Very close. Bulldog is close to having his Sarah a little further away. Ow man, this two item is actually kind of hurting. Oh, he needs that manam immune stacked up. Oh, Sarif is done. Sh on a flank angle though. The entirety of DNF are grouped up. They get control of the mid lane. That is at least something as this is soul point. It's a big deal. Banana brush control is there for DNF. They have that ward in the pit as Shu still lying in wait. Control ward goes down. Finds the crocodile who only gets a slice and now they dive in on top of Dudu. Shu able to get himself out of there as Dudu is able to pull them in. But the lambs respite just the corner of it there for Lucid was very very funny as there's the all out. Dudu getting himself out again once more and it is just barrel that's on the ground. Never mind. I say that and now it is Lucid that's dead as well. How did that even happen? The real morph brings Bulldog over and that is going to be the end of aiming. We thought that it was going to be the other throw, but it was the soul point throw instead. Berserker. Yeah, here's the angle. He does get the Valkyrie in the flash comes out. The flash to follow and Berserker picks it up. Pyic going to be able to grab a dragon here for DNF. And this game is all tied up now. That's the momentum killer that comes through the Kin Riddle buying so much time. The resets not able to come in and so many members of DNF surviving on such low amounts of HP. So much of that made absolutely no sense as well. All of these health bars were on basically nothing. Max, it's rise. That doesn't mean it makes sense. It's an explanation. Yeah. Um at least a little bit. So we see Judo gets caught out here. manages to drag himself into the Kindred alult here and survive. And then we get the returnal that comes down. Barrel goes down. Shu tries to engage. Gets dragged away immediately. And look, Dudu gets out so low. Just double dashes. And then they jump onto who just survives there at the end. Storm surge procs, but the triumph comes in first and keeps him alive cuz they both have a little bit of a delay. Yeah, exactly. And then this chase down that comes and showmaker didn't get the resets on his alt because of people surviving low HP because of the kindred alult and as a result uh say something reminds rhymes with bolt they halt that doesn't ah not too bad. Yeah that progress is I don't know man I've lost it. Yeah it's fine it's fine. I I didn't give you very much time. Yeah rhyming is kind of hard as you guys you and K the other day. Yeah, I tried to play I I actually like accepted it and I was like, "Okay, let's try and just rhyme off the last word of each other's sentences and see how long it takes people to catch on." Um, and then we just didn't do it for the entirety of the game. Actually, it'll take people a long time to catch on, right? Yeah, they didn't catch on as it turned out. Uh, Pic did officially go down to one HP, by the way. Now TNF are on the other and DK are here. Lucid in position. The culling comes down. Life already down very very low as Pic is the only one knocked up by that ulti from Barrel. Still DK have that redemption. It is going to be Poshic that locks down the objective now. They're looking for a potential fight as Oh dear. The charm connects onto onto Bulldog, but he gets into the LMS fight. And oh no, the real is going to miss out. There is the alt from Lucid. And now the resets finally come in. Shu and Dudu just doing their own fight off to the side here. Shiru wants none of it. But that is three for one and DK will take that any day of the week. It's basically clean because barrel dying is just normally part of the plan. Yeah, not ideal for TNF, but they still they got the I think that's a big takeaway. The question is, can D plus translate it into a Baron? There's some low health bars here. No TP on Judu. Berserker's in the vicinity. Yeah, they don't really have any idea that this is going down. If they get the baron, then definitely with the D+ we will put that one down as a pros column item 100%. Q is going to be able to make his way in here. This is definitely gone as DK going to say you can have your we'll take a Baron and we'll attempt to uh make an insurmountable lead. Sorry to mention you again. So mountable. Yeah. So they tank a lot of damage the for the culling. They heal it up with redemption. They drag it away. who's very low already. They managed to take it out with burst of damage, but then Bulldog ends up stepping up too far. Gets caught by that charm. That charm was pretty huge. Yeah. So, they move in with the Kindred, but unfortunately the real doesn't make it in time. Gives the reset to the AI which gives that momentum when the Kindred ends and they just start to clean up the kills. So, I think ultimately a bit of a mistake there from Bulldog. I think just didn't need to move forwards there. Risk the charm. They already got the objective. Could have just backed away. And you can sort of see the tight rope that DNF have to walk in this game as well. Because as soon as one of them goes down, the reset for the Ari comes in, they get to go to the next target. Braum so good in these pick one then the next style of uh compositions. Yeah, I mean this comp is so good at you just to see a single target, take that target down, move to the next very much achieves that. Um, and as soon as the Kindred drops, there's not too much of a barrier to present that. Yeah. Sorry. All right, DK back with an advantage once again. But as we learned in that last fight or the one before the last one, anything is throwable. It was a big lead for DK. And this Rebel Baron power play hasn't quite gone to absurd levels, right? It's a very early one. That means that often you don't get quite as much value, but still BK very very happy to have control because it means soul point is well and truly on the cards. Yep. 40 35 seconds away and Baron's still going to be up for them. So they can keep things pushed up and look to play for that. All they have to be cautious about is a big engage, but I think so many members of D+ are quite mobile. It's very hard to find an engage angle onto a Lucian or Nari unless they really overstep. Now Lucy going to find this control ward over the wall and DNF at least dealing with this wave quite well as another one is going to crash towards this inner turret that is just going to die. So that will be the prize here for DK extending that gold lead ever further ticking over to about 5k. There it is 2.4 not too bad as far as the rebel baron power play is concerned and especially if they get themselves this soul point and they're being coralled. Lucid able to get on in here by himself and there thankfully is like actually some vision that DNF got down earlier that could theoretically spot a few people moving over. They do have pings down onto Showmaker but unfortunately they're just too far away doing a good job of maintaining the pressure here. Barrel is obviously holding the for stopping backs with redemptions. Yeah. Uh he is pretty alone but uh does have Lucid I guess off to the side there. Aiming does turn up eventually. I always get a bit worried, you know, as the right wind spike going to tag Doo here does get hit by the ulti as well as this Casante extraordinarily low but will survive as remember they have three grubs as well. Like look at the tick damage onto the onto the turret. Rabbiton just picked off a showmaker so his burst is kind of insane now. Oh, doesn't quite have the magi complete yet. That's uh when you know he means business. And I think unfortunately the Adakan point despite DNF getting it, giving over the Baron. Such a massive gold lead for D+ and I think it's once again in a difficult spot. Yeah, finding myself still on the edge of my seat though. 5.5k gold lead. If it was Gen G, I'd be like, well, we can pack it up. But it's DK. Anything is throwable. Oh, it certainly is. I picked up the aiming. Four items. He's a big boy. Zig is not that far away. Again, there's no one who's individually had specifically a massive gold lead. It's just spread around quite a bit. And as a result, it means the barrel has equal biggest gold lead. Yeah, of course. And he spent that money well. Look, he has the upgraded uh plated steel caps locket. Absolutely. There's a Magnus storm though to land on to two. Out goes Barrel, though. He puts up the door. Sometimes you engage, but it's on to two of the tankiest members of the team. Well, they get a flash of Lucid, which is something, but and the redemption. Oh, GPL coming in. Yeah, double teleports coming down as Bulldog once again pretty close to this one, but there's the charm onto Dudu. He has to flash to get himself out of the way. Lucid testing the waters here, but the culling is just going to melt the real and off to the side. Dudu is once again opted in for a one v one that Showmaker will say is not in fact one of those. the flash forward but the auto will follow this Corki and Fio he is in the lamb's respite but he has to dash out of it and that means it's a triple kill for showmaker who gets enough of these resets bulldog was backing on a control ward which is not exactly optimal and in goes Lucid lock down the kill onto the rise that will secure the ace in trade for one crocodile and DK even though it was a long series. It was still a victory here in the end. Unfortunately for DNF, not able to make their way through, but at least we got a Poshic Kindred game in the end and they kept it interesting. That was a good play around the artic that unfortunately went a little bit wrong and DK were able to re supreme. Yeah, I think not exactly an unexpected result, but a very rise group series. It was an absolute joy to be a part of folks. It certainly was. And you know, a nice send off to DNF. And I think they really have shown up a lot more towards the end. A lot of struggles this team has had. Yep. But they're starting to really throw their weight around as we got later and later and had some some fun moments. D plus looking towards the playins hoping to make it to playoffs. Still some question marks, but definitely there are games when they do love more together. Yeah. as she had a pretty good series. I think uh not necessarily in the second game, but no one had a good second game on the side of D+, but I think it has been the story of Shu and Lucid shoring up some of their play and looking a little better. Showmaker as well has been fantastic as I am sure. That is another one of those cool Oh, Don's not here today. Sports ball references. He don't you don't have the sports ball guy. Do you know what I appreciate most about Showmaker celebrations? What? The fact that it's a mystery to me personally. I know a lot of people do know what's going on, but I want it to be a mystery. I want it to just be shown. I mean, he looked like he was on the phone and he was holding like a beach ball in one hand at the beach. Or he was doing the snorkeling dance move. Oh, yeah. Except that just doesn't have his hand close. Yeah. Um, one of those. See, we get to have these fun conversations if we have no idea what it is. As Yeah, DK, they weren't winning for the entirety of the game. Um, but the early game went well. The laning phase went well. Much better than what we saw in game number two. And this just a bit of a that was more of a don't do rather than a do. Yeah, the Dante not hitting so hard in this game. Felt like a lot of times you would drag away a target and uh wouldn't go super well. This moment was kind of this is wacky. Yeah, this was the moment where I was like, "Hey, DNF, maybe they found something. They found the comeback in the mid game, but then unfortunately when it came to the Attakan Bulldog overstep gets a big charm and it's unfortunately life pays price with this comp. Once one goes, the rest kind of do too." Yep. And often times I find myself wanting to argue for a uh a barrel pom. I'm not going to do that today. Um because I'm going to be generous. I feel like the rest of the team probably also deserves a look in. I think Showmaker had a great day. I think Aiming also had a fantastic performance, especially if we remember back to game one, which does feel like a very long time away. Yeah, I wonder if people will remember the game one. Sometimes feels like the votes just kind of Yeah. What What even happened in game one? Where were we? That was the Oh, that was the on Oriana J4 thing and Aiming hard carried the thing by himself. Yeah, probably should be aiming, shouldn't I? I gave it to aiming. That sounds like it would be an understandable choice to make. Uh let's have a look at the postgame graph as Aiming also in this one did the majority of his team's damage. We have been uh touting this guy as the most consistent on DK and honestly, he's had he's just had a pretty good year. And now, guess what? We get to have a chat with everyone. So, it doesn't even matter who gets POM. We get to talk to all the players. True Maker is going to pick it up because we only remember the last little while. This is the problem um with, you know, people today. It's the attention spans. It's the fact that our memories are kaput and we don't remember the fact that there is a player responsible for the entirety of a game and a lot of this one. I'm just going to flat out say it. If game one and three were flipped, it's aiming. Oh, 100%. It's like Yeah, without a doubt. It's not even close. There's a reason why there's a thing called recency bias. It's because there's a thing called recency bias. How that works? I mean, I do think Showmaker had some great charms l like it's Do you remember like I actually had the moment where I'm like, what even was game one? I was trying to recall like I think Showmaker played well, but like that game one was like it was literally just aiming solo carry and then in this game it was pretty good too. So I was like, "Okay, well that, you know, makes sense that I'd go to aiming." And then it's just like no one remembers game one. It's too long ago. Shoemaker had like a couple of shock waves game one, I guess. But I think I don't think it's it's not a Yeah, it's not a It's not a terrible uh look in, but Gaming was an absolute monster. Now we get the full team interviews. DK going to be up first and then DNF will be able to do theirs as well. And Quantum is going to join them. as we know, uh, came in as a bit of a super ser throughout, uh, this season. Going to be great to have a chat with DNF, uh, as this is the last time that we're going to see them, unfortunately. Um, also, I believe there is Lolly Knight tonight as well. I'm not entirely sure who's going to be on there. Oh, it's the DK one. So, Showmaker and Lucid going to be on Lolli Knight tonight. That is going to be a whole lot of fun. Yep. Looking forward to that. Yeah, that's a good one. And now the players are going to uh to get on there. Man, it's been a long day today. It has been a long day. Are you here tomorrow? Oh, yeah. Me too. Oh, yeah. Uh, I'm looking forward to another long day. Do you know what as well? Brendan, myself, and Wolf are all perfects this week. Really? Yep. If game one tomorrow goes our way as well, the decider will be the very last game where Wolf and Brendo and I have made different threads. Absolute predictor of you have made different meon. It's the It's the play by Blaze versus Wolf. Did Did Brendon put DRX? Wolf put bro. And you put Barrel. Yeah, I just put Barrel in. Like he's going to turn up like surely it's him. Wouldn't that default to DRX though? Cuz he hasn't played for Bro yet. Yeah, that's a very you move. Oh, could you imagine how much I'd love Bro if Barl went to bro? Oh my god. That would be that's actually just that's straight up too much. Uh what is the first series? Nongshin versus KT. That's a contentious one. We have all predicted KT. So, it could just fall flat on its face. Why did we do that? Yeah. Uh, that could fall flat on its face because of course the more people that predict KT, the least the less likely it will be that they will win. But now it is time for us to head over to the interview with DK. So, uh, dear, take it away. Thank you very much, guys. This is dear for the full team interview with both teams. We will start with D plus Kia who took a 2-1 victory and end with 19 wins in the regular season. Please welcome Shu, Lucid, Showmaker, Aiming, and Barrel. Congratulations. [Music] First, let's talk to Shu. Shu. After debuting in the LCK, you reached the end of your first LCK regular season. So, how do you look back? [Music] you know, as I came up to LCK, I feel like I've gotten a lot of experience and just being able to play in the LCK was just so much fun and I feel like I can tell that I have improved and I look forward to playing even more matches in the future. And as a top lane prospect, there's a lot of expectation from you. So what kind of top laner do you aspire to be? I just want to be great at laning phase and someone who just knows how to read the game, right? [Music] Now in the playins round one, you will meet BNK FX. So how will you prepare? Was it BNK? [Music] playing stage will be quite crucial and I want to make sure that we start off with a victory. I really want to aim all the way to worlds from playoffs to worlds and lucid now as first place of rice group. How does it feel to finish the last match of the regular season since round three? I felt like we had a bad game in in the early mid phase. So, I think just being able to tell that we're actually fixing up our problems and they're playing a lot better now. It feels good. And in game one, you had an amazing Jarvin game. And recently, Jarvin's value has surged. And when you pilot him, he just feels especially solid. So, how confident are you with Jarvin? Now, Jarvin, you just have to be decisive and because I have been trying to be more decisive when I play in general. It's just been going a lot better. And you've been playing well and your split-second decision just feels sharper. So, we're so excited to see you on the bigger stages. So, what mindset do you have? I think my mindset I have a strong feeling and urge to make it all the way to the world. So I want to make sure that we're able to continue winning and do well during the playoffs to make my dream come true and showmaker before the plans. This was actually your final check and you actually got a POM and get to finalize with 800 PM points. How do you feel? This is our last match of the play the regular season and I'm just feels amazing that we're able to finish off with the victory and from rounds one to five. What is a takeaway from the regular season stretch? You know, this is the first time playing in this sort of format and so we tried to focus on getting adjusted and used to it. And in rounds one to two, you know, earlier on, I feel felt like we didn't do quite well, but I just I just hope to keep on growing as a team. And what is your read on the plans to unfold? you know, we're going to face uh DRX eventually, and I just want to make sure that we are prepared and we win. And are you ready for lowly night with Lucid? Now, I hope you guys all tune in for lowly night. I'll try my best. Would you like to sell out for your fans? No, please. My fans, we're going to be on Lonely Night, so please stay until the very end. I'll make sure that it's fun and worth it. And aiming, you got to finish the regular season on a four winning streak. How would you rate today's match? You know, this was a test for our performance in the plans and I it feels good to finish off with a four consecutive victory. And in game one, the enemy took Civ and Karma and it's a hard shuff pressure comp. So, how did you come up with a Kai'Sa Nico comp? Yeah, the enemy picked a pretty strong laning phase comp. So I think we just really tried to get a good tempo to win the le laning phase earlier on and game three was quite intense and after dropping game two what was the feedback? Yeah, we did lose a lot. I just felt like we slipped in a pretty winnable game. So, we just really made sure that we can focus in on the next game. And now you will meet BNK FX in the plans and you'll play against the ever aggressive Diablo. I think we are definitely able to win as long as we can pull off everything that we have prepared. and Barrel. We got to finally talk to you in an interview with the regular season finale victory. You've actually reached another milestone. 600 games in the LCK. How do you feel? No, this was the last ma match of the regular season before the playoffs the planes. And I feel like we just have to look and aim high. So I think our mindset today was just to do our final check and make sure that we can maintain our performance. And I feel like milestones I don't really I don't really mind it too much. I think as I keep playing I will keep on stacking those milestones. So how do you look back at this year? this year I feel like there is a lot of regretful points [Music] but since rounds four and five I felt like we have improved you know I wouldn't say that I'm completely satisfied but I'm just relieved and now that you finalized the regular season as first place of rise group you will be in the plans from next week so what's crucial in the best of five Since it's a fearless format, we can't use the same champion twice. So, I think by game four, five, I feel like it's just going to be so chaotic. I just want to make sure that we are well prepared and as a little group league guru, what mindset do you have after the long regular season? Next week will be the playins and I hope that we can show up in the playin stage and make it all the way to worlds with a good performance. And lastly, going back to showmaker, there are so many fans who are supporting you. So, please send a message over to the fans as a team captain during the LCK regular season. You guys gave us so much energy with all your support and I just want to make sure that we can make it all the way to worlds with a good performance. And that's the end of the season and team interview with the king of rice D plus Kia. And now we will talk to DN Freaks and get them on the stage despite the defeat who tried their absolute best until the very end. We had so many fan signs, many, many great fan signs. And let's wrap it up with a interview with the Freaks. [Music] It is the end of their journey, but they were fired up until the very end. Please give it up for Dian Freaks. We'll have the full team interview with Dian Freaks. Please welcome Dudu Pyik Bulldog Berserker Life and Quantum. Hello. [Music] This is the end of Dean Freak's journey. How do you feel? You know, it was a pretty lackluster outcome, but I personally believe that we learned a lot. And I felt I had so many takeaways just because of all the learnings. I feel like there's a lot to take home. So in the matchup in the rise group, what did you learn the most? Can you repeat the question, please? What's something that you were able to learn and what's something that you're regretful about? You know, I felt like we had always started off the game with a control and like a good tempo, but I feel like it's just so regretful that we were never able to close out the game with a win. And in rounds three to five when we were always in the lead, I felt like we definitely learned how to be able to stay on top, but I feel like maybe it took a little too long for us to get to that point. And so for next year, what goals do you have? [Music] First of all, I think for next year, I want to be able to play well in the LCK. [Music] and I hope that I get an opportunity to make it to the playoffs. Please give it up for Dudu. And now next we have Thank you so much for your hard work until the very last match. You know, you even played spoiler for the other teams while displaying your potential. Do you feel disheartened that you it took too long for you guys to recover your form? Yeah, I feel like we started getting on the same page from round three and it just does feel like such a shame that it took so long. you actually insisted on playing kindered, right? You know, when when you when just looking at just like the the whole comp from both sides, I felt like I was able to carry the game with Kindred, just being able to support my laners and get them ahead, but I'm just really sad that I wasn't able to pull it off. And looking back at the regular season, I'm sure that we all struggled throughout the regular season. All my teammates and although we didn't make it to the play, just playing our hearts out until the very end means so much to me. [Music] And Bulldog Today was the last match of regular season. So, what mindset did you come with today? You know, I really wanted to finish with a win, go out with a bang, but it's such a shame that I wasn't able to do that. Is there any most memorable moment from this season? You know, that's such a sudden question, so I can't really remember anything. I feel like the most memorable moment was when you did your victory ceremony. Anything stand out to you? I don't think I can recall any particular moment right now. You worked so hard this year. Looks like Bulldog's mom is here at L Park. You know, she's been supporting you every time you are on stage. So, any message over to your supportive fans? I feel like despite all the chain of losses, you know, our fans are always willing to come support us even on site. So, I love you guys. Bulldog. Any last words over to the fans at all? I hope you guys all stay healthy. Thank you, Bulldog. And next off, we have Berserker. So, you've always wanted to play on the LCK stage and now that you finished the last regular season match, how do you look back? You know, this is just the way that we get to end the this the last match of the season, which is such a shame. But, you know, just like Dudu said, this is really good experience for us to to really make sure that we grow from this experience. And you were actually on the rookie documentary. And you even showed some heartfelt side. So, what do you think you were most regretful about? No. In the very beginning, I feel like I was able to show up with my my feisty place, my feisty side, but I don't think I was able to consistently show what I'm able what I'm capable of. So, that's actually quite regretful. And anything you would like to say to your fans? You know, I did not expect LCK to be such a rocky road for me. And I feel like I made my fans go through a lot as well. But despite that, you guys have always been so supportive and and gave us so much energy. So, I'm so grateful for that. Please give it up for Berserker. And now life from LPL and returning to the LCK. How was the season for you? Now, I was in the LC LPL last year and I came back to the LCK this year and I feel like I learned a lot from the LCK and you know I I thought that I applied a lot of things that I learned from the LPL and I had always thought that I should apply all the things that I would learn from LPL to LCK but I feel like it does it didn't exactly translate too well. So, what did you try to communicate with the team and the coaching staff the most? No, in the very beginning, I felt like I wasn't really playing a team game, but we wanted to really try to play as a unit and get a better read of the game. And I think that showed up a little bit starting from round three and what would you like to say about the future? What are your goals? And I want to be able to stay in the LCK and keep on showing good performance. And you know, thank you so much for all the fans and Quantum, you were such an amazing relief for Dian Freaks. So, what did this season mean to you? You know, it feels like I went through a lot. At least I feel like I can say that I learned a lot, which is a great thing. So, what kind of player would you like to to be in the future? I want to be able to lead my team, a leader, quantum. We will always cheer you on. And what what would you like to say to your fans? Thank you so much for cheering for me. And I feel like as compared to the amount of support that I got, I wasn't able to show you a good performance. But I did I was able to build a lot of experience this year. So I hope that I can do even better next year. And now lastly, back to Pik. You know, there are so many fans on site with so many fan signs to support you. What would you like to say to your fans who have been so supportive unconditionally? You know, at the beginning with the roster being solidified, I know that we received a lot of expectations and I feel like we felt we felt low of our own standards, but because we knew we had all the fans that were supporting us, it actually did help us stay in our game. And I'm just really grateful that you guys are always taking your time out of your day to make it and to come and support us. And next year, I want to make sure that we can repay you. I want to make sure that you can be proud of us. And please give it up for Dian Freaks who tried their absolute best until the very end. And that's the end of the team interview with Dian Freaks. And back to the space. Thank you. Thank you very much, dear, as always, for a very long but awesome translation, putting in all the work for both of the teams as we got to hear from both of them. Uh, DK, just looking forward to playins and how they're going to do. And then, of course, DNF, the sign off for them as that is the last time we are going to be seeing them um as a team here in L Park. Unfortunate that their season didn't turn out the way they wanted. It did feel like when we saw this roster that it it had more potential than obviously it reached here. I I think we kind of saw what we expected they would be at the end where obviously they're not a perfect team. Uh but really was expecting them to be kind of uh towards like the middle of the pack for Rise Group. Uh which if you go back all the way to the beginning of the year I think where we kind of had them with some inconsistencies, right? Uh, and obviously they didn't really manage that, but they also were able to bounce back from what was looking like the worst LCK spot of all time. I mean, I feel like their individual skills are there, but the League of Legends is not about the skills, you know. I think it's about the synergy. And I think the synergy was just not there. And I hope to see the players again in LCK and XDM. Yeah, I think that's the biggest thing. You know, hopefully some of these guys can find success in the future after what is a pretty rough split. other guys have done it. You think about guys like uh Tayun, you know, going abroad making stuff happen over at the EL. So, gota hope that they can do that themselves. So, let's get into the player of the match. We do want to take a look at the results as we do have 11 out of 13 going the way of mid. Wait, he blamed the boom boom damage vote and he he went for it. It's just a mess. Wait, it's medioc of course. I don't even like I think the aiming vote uh makes sense to me as well cuz I think that this game one was really good. Um I just think that this voting spread is very funny. I think this is a little bit of a name brand vote. Uh but unfortunately for Showmaker, we know how much he loves his uh his short days. Um but you know it was a long day and I do think he was instrumental both in the game that they won in game one whereas Oriana was actually very stable uh in a game that got a bit more messy than it needs to be and then I think he was definitely the PG of game three. Let's take a look at uh the next comment here. All I can say is show and there we go. Show maker here. Well played, Showmaker. Inspired by Cloud Templar, who Yeah, I'm glad you're back. Thank you, Showmaker. So cute. Insightful. Yes. Uh Cloud Templar in the last series, uh his POM comment was it was so good. But I think I I think I did better than that. You did. You did. You did better. Uh let's take a look at the next one as we do have some interesting ones. King of Kai'Sa. That is true. I don't think he can blame my comment. I think I did. I don't think he would. Oaks has a very clear agenda, which is blaming my comment. So, I don't think any of you are any risk. I thought it was this was fair. Aiming has always been good at Kai'Sa. Yeah, it's one of his classic champions. He did spend time at the LPL, which is always what we look for with Kai'Sa players. Uh they're just built a little bit different there. And he also did this on KT for like remember that like two month stretch where everyone just let him play Kaisen. This was pretty fearless. Yeah, it did happen. And guess what? KT won a lot. There's a lot of Kaisa. There was a lot of Ezreal. There was a lot of uh champs that were very good in the meta that also had escapes. He was good at all of them. Uh let's take a look at the next comment here from Pony. Amid does what a mid must with flames. With flames special effect, we're getting to the point where, you know, we've run out of the obvious joke. So now we're really digging deep. I mean, I think this is the good thing about the rise group, you know. I think it's obviously Showmaker was underperforming before the rise group happens, but now I think he's recovered. I'm just waiting for uh ready to tell us that there's definitely an anime quote that we missed. That's fine. It's fine. It's okay, right? Okay, you get a pass next. Wait for us. Dragon's Tail. Here comes the snake's head. So, I have actually been tossed, by the way. Incredible uh incredible artwork here on the left uh to explain this one. So, basically in uh Korea there's the saying uh would you rather be the dragon's tail or the snake's hat. It's kind of the same as would you rather be the big fish in the little pond or the small fish in the big pond. So, it's basically saying showmaker right now is a big fish in a small pond and he's like I'm coming for you legend group which obviously has some very big fish noted. Thank you chronicler. Uh Schmaker devoted himself wholeheartedly until his very last breath. Cloud Templar goes from so good to devoted himself wholeheartedly until his There are only two modes of Cloud Templar. Yeah. Well, what's either you try hard or there's no in between. What's the reference you're in? I like you as me. There is again Chinese languages. I don't I'm not good at it. So, you're the one who knows. Uh nobody else knows. Guys, this just in from production. It was an anime quote. Pony's comment and we did not. It was Rang Goku again from Demon Slayer. What it? Come on. What it? Just Just explain us, bro. Like the quotes. What? No. No. This the Cloud Templar. Come on, bro. Just explain. It's again from three kingdoms, by the way. I like how what does that mean? And I actually don't know how how do I say the English the character? I have no idea. I don't know, man. Explain what? We have no idea. Uh yeah, just just let's just move on. I'm done. All right. Do we have any other comments? I I think we kind of like skipped over uh yeah, Showmaker looked like Ariana Grande because Ari and Oriana together. That's That's peak. That's good stuff. I was I was like, is he referencing a song? Does he like Wicked? I I don't like Ariana. Yeah, I don't. But it was just the champions which makes it a really good Prince putting in some good effort there to the very last Well, it's not the very last day, the very second to last day. So, we'll see about tomorrow uh if he's on. Any other comments? Looks like no. Let's take a look at the standings as uh we do have just one more day left here at the LCK regular season. Oh my god. It's not done. We're not locked. It's Pro DRX. Yeah, it's actually happening. It's deciding so much. It's deciding who makes it. There is a chance for a 10 prediction week uh fight tomorrow as well. And me and Wid finally know if I hold my crown as I leave or if we did succeed succeeds me prediction. Heavy is the crown to foreshadowing. Are you feeling confident about your prediction? I'm not. Yeah, I am. Oh, you are? Yeah, I trust in Teddy. That's all I trust. Okay. So, you guys are split on the deer expert. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a pro bro. And I have reach reach reach in the building. Reach. Chronicler is very good at saying that uh during the cast chronicler. It's really not that big of a deal. We can let it go. It's it's really not that big a deal. So I hope you guys do join us for tomorrow because more than anything else it's the end of an epic um regular season. All right, thank you guys for that for that interpretive dance. Uh, I think we all get the point. Uh, thank you so much for joining us, guys. We're going to see you tomorrow for Dear XPro and Nong KT. Until then, have a good night. [Music] [Music] [Music] cover. Doesn't [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] kill me. Makes me stronger. [Music] Heat up here. [Applause] [Music]